You know what I do is write for kids, and, in fact, I'm probably the author for kids, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress as a farmer, or with a leather clothes, and never no one has chosen an farmer.
I'm here today to talk about circles and eBay.
And you know that an epiphany is generally something you get somewhere.
You just have to turn to the apple to see it like a epiphany.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Borges.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk to you about.
My circle started in the 1960s in the middle school, in Utah, Ohio where I was the rare of class.
And they hit up every week in the kids's bathroom, until a teacher saved my life.
She saved my life when he allowed me to walk into the teacher's room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that were fighting against AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night, I got a phone call of that teacher, the lady Post he said, "I need to see you.
I'm disillusioned that adults never get to meet.
You could come to Ohio, and please bring that man who I know you've found.
And I have to tell you I have cancer cancer, and I'd like you to come with this please please."
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland.
And we went to see, we laugh, we cried, and we realized that she needed to be honored.
We found a place, we put it, and we looked at it, and we turned into his family, because he was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman I wanted to know as an adult came to meet, it became a ash box, and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I told you was made in itself.
Philanthropy is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved her.
And you know that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs true and beauty, and I'm very happy today that I was talking about this today.
It also needs -- needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separate from nature and everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and there I saw my first eardrum.
I was amazed.
My heart is fast, I was slow, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The tumors all around me is about 60 feet, and I couldn't think that it was a little bit of snow about another period of snow year after year.
The tumors are born when they're left from glaciers or breaking ice bars.
Each iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them are refused to laugh and mate up to the end, while others can't get it more and fall on a dramatic pie.
It's easy to think, when you look at a iceberg, which are isolated and alone, largely as we see us sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As you get a iceberg, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As you melt a eardrum, it releases rich fresh water in minerals that feeds many forms of life.
And I'm going to photograph these storms as if it was about my ancestors of my ancestors, knowing that at these time, you've got that way, and you won't even exist that way again.
It's not death when they melt; it's not an end, but a continuation of their path for the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the tumors that I photograph is very young -- it's a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice has more than 100,000.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are from an iceberg that I photographed in Keplor, Greenland.
It's little enough to get to the way to have a rolling iceberg.
Here they are.
You can see the left one little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the form of the iceberg and its floating line.
You can see here, it starts to roll, the boat has moved on the other side and the man is standing there.
This is a German iceberg, the average size.
It's about 120 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so no, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, each of you having a baby . Okay.
So, two couples each with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about the conception itself, I'm not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And at this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm is joined to the X-ray chromosome.
And, in the other case, the sperm X of the sperm is attached to the X-ray chromosome.
They both argue, and they start life.
Let's go back to talk about them later.
In my global activity, I'll get two roles.
In one of my roles, I work with the story of anatomy.
I'm a training historian, and what I study in this case is the way people were working the anatomy -- I mean, human bodies and animals, how they've considered the body fluids, the idea of the body -- what have thought about the body.
The other role that we play in my work is an activist, as a patient advocate, or, as I say sometimes, impact of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with identical twins, two people inside a body.
I've been working with people with lots, and people much lower than the average.
And I've worked with many cases from people with outliers, individuals whose physical type doesn't fit in the male schemes and conventional females.
In general lines, we can call it interactive.
It's a lot of exciting.
I'm going to put them some examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't fit in the common or female forms.
So for example, there is the case of the individual with chromosomes X whose SETI gene, and tells the protocols, that we all have in the phone life, which becomes testicles.
And then, in the ugly life, testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone receptors, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome syndrome.
So there are high levels of testosterone, but no reaction.
As a consequence, the body is developed by a typical female course.
When I was born, the baby has a little girl.
It's a girl . It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the breasts, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when somebody realizes that something is happening.
After making tests, they realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus, it actually has testicles and a chromosome and.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's actually not.
Women, as men, we have in the body something called superconductive glands.
They're in the bottom of the body.
Supermarket glands produce African glands, the hormone of masculinity.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- don't know their cortical structure -- I think to be a typical woman most of the women like me are pressure-sensitive.
We produced anti-wide and we respond to the anxious.
As a consequence, somebody like me have the brain more exposed to the Anders that the woman who was born with testicles that have the subsidies of invisibility to farmers.
That's why sex is complicated . It's not that investors are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I got a call from an 19-year-old boy, and raised as they vary, I had girlfriend, and sex relationships with her, I had had a life as a kid, and I just discovered that he had ovaries and uterus.
He had an extreme form of a disease known as a human hospital.
He had 20th chromosomes, and in the uterus, the superconductive glands were so active that, in essence, they created a hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genitals were malicious, their brain was exposed to the hormone component.
He was born as a child, no one suspected anything.
And it was at the age of 19 when he started having medical problems caused by the inner memory, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of beauty.
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what's known as the Watson, which is to say, they have oil tissue wrapped on a therapist tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there's a lot of sex varieties.
The reason that kids with these kind of bodies are not launched, similar twins, or incentives are used to normal surgery is not so so much to be able to make a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason that you get to various surgeries is that they are a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that it's going to be women's identity is to have female identity; it's supposed to be black to say to have African anatomy in historical terms.
Terribly simplistic idea.
And when a body comes to us that shows something quite different, we have problems with categorized.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture to the individual.
Our nation is based on a concept of a very romantic individual.
Imagine how surprising it is to have children who are born like two people inside one body.
The most elected case is last year with South Africa Carder Sea, and he put on a field of judgments his sex in Berlin International.
Many journalists called the question to ask, "What do you test to do to determine whether you're Casey James or woman?"
And I had to explain to journalists that there is no such test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we need to admit that nature doesn't bring a line between men and women, or between men and investors and women, and we're taking that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more advanced science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomical categories that correspond directly with stable identical categories -- are much more difficult than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
In terms of race, something that turns out much more complicated than the terminology allows.
As we see, we get into a dry terrain.
Look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to do with the fact that we can tell them in just a few nucleotides?
And as we go in science, we get more and more in an awkward zone where we need to recognize that the simplistic categories that we manage are too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the spheres of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, is the struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to take a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the fetus of the fetus.
There are very related discussions today, not in public, but I know within medicine that's when someone's considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to come with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot, they put a pen in front of the nose, and if they were still not buried.
If it stopped moving you.
But today we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them into another body.
And as a result, we need to face the dilemma to actually determine someone's death, and this puts us into a difficult situation that we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And maybe you think that this explosion of categories could encourage someone like me.
In politics, I'm a progressive, I'm defending people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
I'm going to tell you that these categories are much more unstable than we thought of me.
It's from the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm a remote favorite of the founding parents.
I know they were racist, I know they were sexy, but they were big.
I mean, they were so courageous and bold and so radical in what they did, that I find each so much of the music watching "177," and not the music, which is completely smooth.
That's why it happened in 1770 with the founding parents.
The founding parents were, for me, the first anatomy of the anatomy and explains why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another one who was radical and beautiful, and he kept for 200 years.
And as everybody remembers, what our founding parents was the idea of the monarchy, the monarchy was based on a very simple concept of the anatomy.
The old world's monarchs didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of the birth of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that the political power was due to the water of blood transmitted from Granny to father and then the child, etc.
The founding parents were rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomical concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They level the game field, and they decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not cartoons . That was very radical.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of an underground system where two things were being spent.
democracy was being restored, and at the same time, the science was born.
And it's very clear, if you look at the history of the founding parents, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were away from the supernatural explanation, and by the way, they would reject the concept of supernatural power that goes out of a vague law of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the statement of independence, they talk about nature and God's god.
They don't talk about God and nature.
They talk about nature to tell us who we are.
And the idea of the anatomical coincidence was broadcasting us.
And in doing that, they were feeling the basis of the future Civil Rights movement.
I didn't think about it, but they did for us and it was great.
And what happened next?
And women succeeded.
Then he came up with the success of the Civil Rights movement with people in the Sunday Tribe who said, "I'm not a woman?"
We found men in the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
Again, people of color who accused the wireless coincidence of anatomical difference, and again, they succeeded.
We see the same thing with the Disorder movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the networks, we need to start asking us why we keep certain divisions.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomical divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give you a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't mean that we should give up to the anatomy.
I don't want to say that five year-old kids would allow them to have sex or married.
There are some anatomical divisions that for me makes sense and I think we should keep.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two things that are connected to the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both of them combined by 1979 exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary, was born three months before time: June 1, 1980.
Henry, by the contrary, was born in terms: born on March 1, 1980.
Because of the only fact that I was born three months before Mary is attracted all three months before Henry -- the right of sexual consent, the right to vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that, not because he has a biological age, but because he was born later.
We found other branches in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue to be considered, "Well, I don't tell you whether it's DJ," in virtue of being considered a man now is possible of the obvious bond that Mary doesn't have to worry.
Mary, by the way, doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can jump in every state with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still persist anatomical categories that are in many ways problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that the science advances so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a treaty-based democracy could be killed?
I don't want to give you science, but at the same time I feel like science is escape us.
Where are we going?
It looks like what happens in our culture is a kind of a pragmatic attitude: "Well, we have to catch the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people were stuck in a rare position.
For example: Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man, you don't have to have a chromosome, and to marry a woman, you have to have chromosomes.
Now, in practice, they don't do chromosomes to people.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of the syndrome of individuality to syringe.
If you look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I would draw a solution."
It says that we should judge people, "Well, based on the color of their skin, but in the content of their character," going beyond the anatomy.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea seems really good."
But in practice, how do you do it?
How do you judge people based on the content of your character?
I want to point out that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to guarantee rights to people, because I have to admit that I know about some of some of us who will resist the social services than some humans I know.
I also want to tell you that maybe some collaborators that I know can make more informed, smart and mature decisions about their sexual relations than people of 40 I know.
So how do you put the issue of the character content?
Very difficult.
And one part of me is wondering what happens if a person's character could in the future will be measured with an instrument, maybe with an MRI.
Do we really want to get at that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still guiding this stream of thinking in relation to democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we'll do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian, in which a man who feels like a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless it's willing to join a change of sex, whose case is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I'd been able to give a couple of twin twins, and then let them take their fame.
But when the phone was asked to ask the operation of the operation, I was a very risky operation, and it responded to me that in that other country, these kids would be very battered, and I had to do it.
I said, "Well, have you considered political asylum instead of surgical separation?"
The United States offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing them to change for the good of the state.
So I think we need to be in your head.
Okay, so I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had more participation to the mothers.
And I want to say something a little radical for a feminist, and that is that I think there may be different ideas from different anatomical policies, particularly if people are thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in interconnection, I've also been interested in investigating sexual difference.
And one of the things I've been interested in is the differences between men and women in the way to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about cumulative studies is that women, on average, not all, but on average tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships, and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
And years ago, when I was in the graduate, one of my advisers who knew I was interested in feminism -- I was interested in feminism, as I now made a strange plant.
"Tell me what the feminist has a female."
And I thought, "It's the most stupid question I've heard.
Feminism has to do with getting rid of gender stereotypes, so there's nothing feminine in feminism."
But the more I have thought about his question, the more I have seemed to me that there is something a female in feminism.
That is, there could be something, on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relations and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So, if parents were very attentive to find a way to protect people by the state of the state, it's possible that, if you put more mothers to this concept, we may have enriched the concept of protection with reciprocal support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we bring democracy beyond the anatomy: thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect joint, we think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided that we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where every family is thinking to live and work, it has the possibility to choose between a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now we're far from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily bring it into the world dozens, maybe hundreds, new cities.
Well, this may sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replace them by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of the people who wanted to live in apartments were no longer copies and the other half was still missing to do it.
You could try to increase the ability for all the existing buildings.
But you know that the problem you face is that those buildings and areas that surround them have rules to avoid the metals and distractions of construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all of those partnerships.
But they could go to a completely new place, to build a completely new apartment building, always, and when the rules of that place make the construction instead of putting it up.
So I proposed that governments to create new enough reform zones to keep cities and gave them a name: cities under status.
Later I found out that more or less at the same time, David and eighth were thinking about the challenge of Randoon reform.
They knew that every year about 75,000 drivers would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that people could stay and do those things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Honduras went through a heartbreaking constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, ugly leg is imposed by a platform in which I promise reforms and at the same reconciliation.
I asked Okay to be his head of cabinet.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of perception, trial and error and a lot of testing with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of low cities to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of the rules, like those rules that say you can't go and assemble all the current residents of apartments.
We have a lot of attention to the new technologies, but it takes so much of technologies as rules to progress, and they're usually the rules that prevent us to move forward.
In the fall of the 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent him a link with the TED.
I showed David.
They call me.
They said, "Look at this to the leaders of our country."
So in December, we met in Miami, in a hotel conference room.
I tried to explain to this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this picture that shows the value of the terrain in a place like New York . Look, terrain that, in some cases, are worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion, and at some point, when there was a pause, he said, "Paul, maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk."
And the talk described in very simple terms that a low city is a place where you start with custom terrain, a stadium that specifies the rules that will apply there and an option so that people can choose if they want to go or not live under those rules.
So the president of Honduras called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this might be the path for our country.
I asked to go to Technology and talk about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which includes an image like this, which I was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Development and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver.
Only this airport covers over 100 square kilometers.
So I was trying to convince the slingers that to build a new city, you have to start with a place that is at least 10,000 square kilometers.
That's more than 100,000 acres.
Everyone else applauded.
Public faces were very serious and attentive.
The leader of Congress approached the platform and said, "Professor Rover, thank you so much for your talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
I have it here in my computer."
So I felt and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained the essential thing -- that a new city can offer new options for people.
There would be an option from a city that you might be able to be in Honduras, instead of hundreds of miles away to the North.
And it also includes new options for leaders.
Because the government leaders of Honduras need help of countries associated, they could benefit from the associated countries that will help them establish and make the norms of the status, so that everybody could rely on the state effectively.
We went and saw a site.
This photo is from there.
It could easily fit about a thousand square miles.
And soon after, the 19th of January, they voted in Congress to get their constitution and add a financial arrangement that allowed to create these special regions of development.
In a country that just went through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress, in favor of this constitution, was 128 to one.
All of the parties, all the factors in society, was backed.
To get in the constitution, you have to pass twice in Congress.
February 17 was passed again in another vote, from 111 to one.
Immediately after the voting, from the 21st to the 24 of February, a 30-year-old delegation was to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in the building of cities.
One is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new center of the city that is building in South Korea; it's bigger than the Boston center.
All you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years getting permission.
The other country in the building of cities is Singapore.
In fact, two cities have been built in China, and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this very practical, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that will allow arguments to come, and at the same time it would allow us to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow the Supreme Court to be the last test court for this new judicial system.
There are urbanism and cities of cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know they have already solved is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are a lot of companies that want to install in America, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are many people who would like to go live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they'd like to immediately change another place.
There's a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave behind their family to go get a job -- sometimes these are smart mothers who have to win the money to just eat or buy clothes.
Sadly, sometimes there are kids trying to meet their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what seems to think about the building of a new city in Honduras?
Or do you build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it seem to think about insisting for families to choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my Dutch friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED."
I'm Jesse, and this is my journey.
But before I show you what's inside, I'm going to do a public conference, and that is, living obsessed with suits.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photographing and publish in my blog, anticipated, colorful and different for every single occasion.
But it didn't buy anything new.
All of my clothes is a second hand of public markets and a second hand.
Ah, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my lunch in the environment and in my wallet.
I come to know interesting people; usually my money goes to a good cause; my act is unique; and buy it becomes my personal pursuit of treasures.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it my carved?
Am I like color?
It's less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel like I won.
Going back to the subject of my courage, I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you bring with someone who has all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought.
I've brought seven pairs of inner clothes, nothing else.
underwear for exactly a week is everything I've put in my courage.
I imagined that I would be able to find everything else that I'd like to use after I got here to Palm Springs.
And because you don't know me as the woman who walks at TED in inner clothes, that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now for this week.
Doesn't sound interesting?
While I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons that, believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothes.
Let's start with Sunday.
I call this brilliant tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to look good.
You can always see less than 50 dollars.
The whole set, including the jacket, cost me 55, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Monday: color is energy.
It's almost impossible to be a bad mood, when you're looking at a bright red display.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: The integration is overrated.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and the same time to integrate.
I just know yourself.
If you surround you from the right people, you won't just understand you, you're also going to tell you.
Wednesday: Be the child you carry inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the disguise, or I remember their seven year-old.
I like to smile and say, "Thank you."
Video: Trust is the key.
If you think you see you with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see you with something, probably it's true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until 30 years that I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, you don't see you can't catch.
So there's no excuse for any of this audience.
We need to be able to achieve all we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Friday: A universal truth six words for you: the golden entrepreneurs are going with everything.
And finally, Saturday: I'm going to develop a personal style of itself, and it's a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again, when people came up with this week just by what I was using . And we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all this is not going to go into my little vacuum.
So before I went home, Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to go emotionally to these things, because through the corner, there will always be another crazy, colorful, brilliant suit, if there's a little love in my heart and looking.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logic part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we used a scale to measure the fitness of every hemisphere, we could design a plane of our brain.
For example, this would be someone who is completely logical.
This would be somebody who's totally intuitive.
So where would you place your brain on this scale?
Some of them would choose for one of these extremes, but I think for most of the integration of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a great application in both hemispheres at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, that as much as most other experimental quantum physicists, we need pretty logic to connect these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need pretty much intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We get to play with them, and then we see how they react, and then we developed our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same.
A certain intuition that may have developed over the years is that says that one thing can be only in a place at a time.
That is, it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion, you developed it.
I remember looking at a child playing a parking bar.
He was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, she always fell.
But I bet that playing with that parking bar is taught a valuable lesson, and it is that big things don't allow them to take them, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you're a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physics, because they don't play with parking bars, they play with these strange little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they find that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like they can make walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called it the theory of quantum mechanics.
And at that point, I found a few years ago; you need quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need it to describe the big objects around us every day.
That's not really good to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, no one ever saw a particle.
But it didn't fit on my logical part.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the little particles are still the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics?
I don't find the reason why I shouldn't.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why I was a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see that has been in an overlap of quantum mechanics.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green point in the middle.
That's the piece of metal that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to zoom up a little bit . It's just in the center.
And then here, we make a good approach to the little metal record.
What we see is a little bit of metal, with a trauma form, and that's supported in a platform.
And then I did this about the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clinical room with a new silicon chip chip, and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
By the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to do this color child.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum superpower, but for it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator just, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people get up to do those things, because I don't want them to bother, or, really, scared.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel companies of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that I store and the wind that goes next to it and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this little metal of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to expand all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We turn out the lights, and we introduced a vacuum and we extract all the air, and then we cool it at a temperature of less than a degree of absolute zero.
Now, by being only on the elevator, the little piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measured their movements.
We found it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating, and the way I was flying was like a breath of this way -- like a fire that expands and contract.
And by giving him a mild, we were able to make it fly, and it doesn't invite at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a quick thing and it doesn't survive at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In a case, all the trillions of atoms that make up that little piece of metal are still, and at the same time those atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in the middle of them, when those are aligned.
In the rest of the time they're unlocked.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which at the same point means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth getting up in a clean room to do this for all those years, because look at this, the scale of scale between one atom and that little metal piece is more or less the same as the difference between that metal piece of metal and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why don't you?
I mean, it's my logical part.
So imagine if you were in several places at the same time, how would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was described in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we turn the lights and look inside the box, we saw that the metal was still there in a single piece.
And I was able to get to this new intuition, apparently all the objects on the elevator actually are just quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about that that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper.
It is that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the profound range of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amitabha.
And 18 months ago, I did another job in Google, until I found the idea of doing something related to the museum and art to my boss that's here and allowed me to do it.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I guarantee it, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo.
There are lots of stories why we did.
I think my own story is simply explained in this slide, and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
Now, I got from a great education -- I didn't make me, but I had no access to a lot of these museums and the artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums, I started learning a lot.
And working in Google, I try to make the desire to make the desire more accessible.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
It's better to show the demo for then to explain a couple of interesting things that we've led to his launch.
So, just, let's just go to Zeta.
Look around all the museums there.
There's the shame gallery, the MoMA, the Empire, the Remote, the Van Gogh.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, at Metropolitan, the New York Art museum.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click, and, wow, we are already inside the museum.
It doesn't matter where they are, Bombay or Mexico, that doesn't actually matter.
You're moving around and fun.
Do you want to navigate the museum?
We open the flat up, and with one click, we jump inside.
They're in the end of the hallway.
They're going forward . They're going to go.
They exploit.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Congressman" from Peter Barbara at the Metropolitan.
I see the sign.
If the museum shows us the picture, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the data information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the bipolar technology.
So this image, for example, contains, I think, about 10,000 million pixels.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10 million photos?"
So I'm going to show you what you really get to 10,000 million pixels.
It can make a shock around very simple ways.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to dive.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting."
I came in and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I went up a little bit, I talked to some people at the Metropolitan, and I actually discovered that this is a game called [unclear], which is to hit a ocean with a stick of the Carnival Tuesday.
And it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper and you'll see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to look at the image, so you'll see what there is.
That's where we were, and this is the painting.
The best is coming, a second.
So now we're quickly going to jump at MoMA again in New York City.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The Night Stars."
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the paintings?
And if you want to see how Gogh Gogh actually created this masterpiece????
I increase it and really do it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is "The Night Star," I think I had never seen her before.
I'm going to show you another of my favorite functions.
There's a lot of things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part . It's called "collections."
You all, absolutely all, doesn't matter whether you're rich or poor, or you have a manual, that gives you the same.
You can online to create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we come in, I created this function that I call "The Power of the zoo," we just made a car around.
This is "The ambassadors" in the National Gallery of London.
You can innovate things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you're feeling when you look at this master works.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all amazing things really don't come from Google.
No, in my view, they even don't come from museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my own experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium, it does justice to its work of art, and it's represented online.
And the great question that I'm doing today is, "You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum?"
And the answer is not.
It's to complete the experience.
And that's . Thank you.
Thank you.
Good evening to everyone.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a pixel, a flying pixel.
In our lab, we call it responsive design.
I'll tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm an Italian origin, all the children in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of his bedroom, but the reason I'm showing you this is that it's happened something very interesting in Formula 1 racing in the last two decades.
So, some time ago, if you wanted to win a Cube 1 career, I took a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot was good enough, you won the race.
This is what, in engineering, will be called a real time system.
It's essentially a system that has two components: a sensor and an action.
What the interesting is today is that real time systems are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered from networks and electronics.
They're becoming computers to outdoors.
And as such as they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and actions.
So the cities is big.
As an aside, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the world's cortex, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be great.
Beyond cities, all these sensing and actuators are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition from Paul Anthony in the MoMA, during the summer.
It's called "Talk."
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking.
In a way, it's almost as if almost every single atoms became sensors and actuators.
And that's completely changing the interaction that we as a human have with the outside environment.
In some sense it's almost like in the old dream of Michelangelo.
You know, when Michelangelo picked up the Moses, he says that at the end, he took the hammer, and he threw to the Moses, and he can still see a little sticker, and he said, "Why don't you talk?"
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples, and I'm going to show you in the idea of capturing the environment and action.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer with luck in 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup.
Perhaps some of you remember it, you play Italy and France, and at the end of the middle, you gave the head.
And anyway, in the end of the Internet won.
Now let's see what happened that day by looking at the activity happened on the network.
Here's the city.
You see the Coca-Cola in the middle and the Tibet River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
On the early afternoon, there are people over here, and there making me, moving.
It starts: silence.
Gulf from France . Gold from Italy.
Meanwhile, people do a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Secondly, regular time.
First time.
Video, and at a moment, your head.
Great Italy, yeah!!
That night, everyone went to celebrate the center.
There you see the big peak.
The next day they were all at the center of the winning team and the first minister of then.
And then everybody goes down.
You see the picture of the place called Cyrus Music, where, from the Roman time, people are going to celebrate; it's a great party, you can see the spike at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how we can measure the city of the city in a way we wouldn't have done just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection: it's not about people, but of things we use and consume.
Today, we know everything about the progress of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac, how they assemble.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project, we developed a few small tags to track the trash in its shift by the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle a few years ago, to tag what they were throwing up -- different kinds of things, as you can see, things that all of you would throw.
Then we put a little chip, a tag, to the trash, and then we started tracking.
These are the results made.
From Seattle.
From a week.
With this information, we realized that there are a lot of individuals in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
This is data that you don't exist before.
complicated things are happening, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we think is that if you look at every day that the cup that we slow doesn't disappear, which is still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle we pull a day still goes there.
That if we show people that to people, then we will be able to promote some behavior change.
That was the reason.
My colleague of MIT, Spectas Wilder, could tell us much more about detection and a lot of other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we're talking about at the beginning, which is to get into the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Facebook.
It all started with a question of the city mayor, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the water use in public space, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, to join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop, was, imagine that they have a chaos and valves, the valves of solenoids, lawyers that are open and close.
It's created as a water curtain, with water pixels.
If you get the pixels, you can write them, I show patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom up, the curtain will open so we can happen, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Bell Mayor.
He liked.
And I want a commission to design the building to the entrance of the expo.
We call it the Digital Water Palestine.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors, no windows, but when you get open up so you can happen.
The roof is also covered with water.
And if you're a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the salutions, you lower the ceiling.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
Those days there will always be someone, in the winter, when the roof goes down, someone who was there and said, "They gave the building."
No, it's not that I've developed it, but when it comes down almost all architecture.
So here's it.
You see the people who are intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am trying to do not to lie at the sensors that open water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the children in Parliament came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let me go, but a building that kept making cuts and water holes, and you had to jump to not get wet.
(People noise) And for us that was really interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about the use that people will give to our designs.
But then the reality is always unpredictable.
And it's the beauty of doing things to interact, that people use.
This is an image of the building with physical pixels, water pixels, and projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that these pixels could start flying.
Imagine that you could have small helicopters in the air, and each of you had a little pixel that changes color as if you're a cloud moving in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, moving with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the squares.
You can play with a different type.
Imagine that the screen appeared in different scales and sizes, in different kinds of resolution.
And then all of that could actually be a pixel cloud in 3D that you can zoom up, and go through and see from very different angles.
This is the real Forebook controller, going down to form a V, as before.
When you start light, you see this . The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by one person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, people's movement, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bolly -- one of the world's best ballet dancers today, the New York Melody Meloden star and the Milan's scaling to capture its 3D movements and use it as input for the flexibility.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left, you see the pixels, it's captured in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digitization in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild the whole movement.
You can run all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the flexibility.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and changes our environment almost as a cloud of cube, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody run a little bit for a pixel.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we moved from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- the Obama campaign showed us, we can go from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to tackle today's challenges: think of climate change or CO2 emissions . How do the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, collectively.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, while in our cloud is pixels.
It's a physical structure in London, but covered of pixels.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, serve to share the major moments of the 2012 Olympic Games and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So, it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something that you can go on, like a new peak of London.
You can get there.
As if it was a new digital face at night, but most important is that it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than you are?
Suppose I would tell you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for more, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you'd like to be in a better way, be stronger, have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and confident.
How about living more with good health?
Or maybe it's from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else would you like?
What would you like, if you could choose something?
(Audience member: creativity) creativity.
How many people would choose creativity?
Raise your hand . Let me see.
A few . It was probably due to the number of creative people.
That's very good.
How many choosing the memory?
A few more.
And the physical state?
A little less.
What about longevity?
There, most people . That makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this, the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or perhaps possible?
Evolution has been a permanent subject here at the TED Conference, but today I want to give you a doctor's gaze on the subject.
The great geneticist of the 20th century, TB . Dupilos, which also marched at the Russian Church, wrote an essay called "nothing in biology is safe to the light of the evolution."
But if you effectively accept biological evolution, you consider this: Is it just about the past or the future?
Does it mean others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch, well at an extreme, is, of course, that we're more interested.
We drive a common ancestor with modern chimps about six or eight million years ago.
There's been maybe 20 different different species of hominids.
Some of them have gone and go back.
We've been here about 120,000 years.
It might seem that we are far away from other parts of the life, but actually, mostly the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human insulin that is used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin, but it's the same protein, individualizing, which comes out of the pancreas.
And talking about bacteria -- are you realizing that we all take the most bacteria that the cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, do you think -- when Anthony Damas is planning to you about the archives -- you think about bacteria?
The gut is a beautifully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, humid, it's very picky.
And we're going to provide all of the nutrients that they can want without the effort of their part.
It really is as a quick way for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some kind of force to the strike.
But, by the way, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help digest nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what would you rely on the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or were you destined to become something different, something maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company -- the animal kingdom, as one single and unique companies, and human life, a small note.
That was us.
And it was also the reverse part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I went to college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental: in most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, every cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two child cells.
But when molecular organisms appear, things start to change.
It enters the sexual reproduction.
And something very important: with the emergence of sexual reproduction that the genome happens, the rest of the body becomes predictable.
In fact, you could say that the invisibility of the death of the body is in evolution at the same moment of sexual reproduction.
I have to confess that when I was a college student, I thought, well, secret, sex, death for sex; it seemed quite reasonable at that time, but with every year I had more and more doubt.
I came to understand the feelings of George Burns, who was still used in Las Vegas right in his 90s.
And one night someone hits their hotel door.
He opens the door.
And in front of him, you find a great dancer dancer.
He looks at it and he says, "Come on looking for a sex soup."
"It's fine," he says George, "I choose the soup."
I realized, as a doctor, that I was working on a different goal to the objective of evolution -- not necessarily contradictory, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to stay healthy.
He wanted to recover health in disease.
I wanted to live more and healthier.
Evolution is to spend the genome to the next generation, adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you are as a reinforce rockets designed to send genetic charge to the next ordinary level and then let the sea fall.
I think we all understand the feeling that World Allen expressed when he said, "I don't want to achieve the discomfort through my work.
I want to make it not die."
Evolution doesn't necessarily make longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the largest one or the strongest or the fastest and even the smartest.
Evolution favors the best adapted creatures to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
At the bottom of the ocean, the elementary bacteria that can survive the heat of the ambulance that would produce, if there were fish there, fish cooked, however, have been able to make that a collective environment.
So what does this mean, when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we're going to think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward, the next phase -- I would say there are many possibilities.
The first one is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've known to preserve a lot of genes that would otherwise have been discarded and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've managed our environment to be adapted to us as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrate, we circulate, and we're so excited that it's no longer possible to have the isolation necessary for evolution.
A second possibility is that you produce a traditional of the traditional, natural type of type, tax by the forces of nature.
And the argument here is: that the arguments of evolution fled slowly, but they are unexpected.
And in the isolation, when as as a species we collect distant planets, they're going to exist the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce the evolution in a natural way.
But there's a third possibility, an attractive, intriguing possibility and terrifying.
The negotiation, the new evolution, which is not simply natural -- but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions we will take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
First of all, consider reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more variables than women.
It's not a really good thing for society, but it's what's chosen at the individual level and family.
Think also that if you could be able to choose not just the sex of your offspring, but in your own body to do the genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could do the genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's disease or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminating the joy?
Wouldn't you want to make those changes in your genes?
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and sued 13 years.
It cost 7.7 billion dollars.
Next year, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome to a cost close to the $20,000 and a week.
It's not going to be very much about the human genome by $1,000 and being more and more of all.
The changes are coming.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect ourselves, but they're going to induce immunity against other viruses.
Believe it or there is not an experimental trial in course with the vaccine against the cultural influence in a tabletop plant.
Can you imagine something good about the tobacco?
That's true today, and in the future, it's going to be more and more possible.
So imagine just only two little changes.
Can you change the cells of your bodies, but if you could change the cells of your offspring??
And if you could change the sperm and the wheel, or change the fly, a better chance of a healthier life, remove the diabetes, eliminating the hypothesis, reducing risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want any healthier children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent diseases is going to allow us to also adopt hackers, hypothesis, a better memory.
Why don't you have the ingenuity of a Ken King especially whether you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine?
Why not have a faster contract muscle that allows us to run faster and more distances?
Why don't you live longer?
This is going to be irresistible.
And when we're in the condition of passing this to the next generation, and we could adopt the attributes that we wanted to have converted to the evolution of before.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years, and we can compress it at 1,000 years, and maybe it happened within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have.
Are we going to use these options in the world of a better, more successful society, more considered?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more visual and more maneuverable?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the depths of all: are we going to be able to develop the wisdom and inherit the wisdom required to make these decisions wisely?
For good or for bad, and before I could think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're at 300 feet tall.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
You can imagine a engine by making click, rubber, car.
Clay, Clay, shut up . It sounds scary.
Well, I had a unique seat that day . I was sitting in the decade.
It was the only one who could talk to flight assistants.
So immediately I looked at them, and they said, "No problem . We probably hit some birds."
The pilot had already looked at the airplane, and we weren't so far away.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot opens the airplane with the Hudson River.
Mostly that's not the route.
I assign the motors.
Imagine being on an airplane and no noises.
And then he said three words.
The most disastrous words I've heard.
He said, "preparing for the impact."
I didn't have to talk more with a flight.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror . Life was finished.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get to, and I didn't do it, all the fences I wanted to repair, all the experiences I've wanted to have and never had.
As I thought about that later, I came up with a phrase, which is, "College wine."
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to clap anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is while we avoided the George Washington Bridge, which was not for a lot -- I thought about, wow, I really feel a great time.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes, I tried to get better in everything I did.
But in my humanity, I also gave my ego.
And the time I wasted up in things that didn't matter with people who matter.
And I thought of my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then as a medium on that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels like wonders.
It's no longer trying to be right; I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock goes down, "15, 14, 13."
You see the water to go.
I'm saying, "Please fly."
I don't want this to be broken in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, wow, dying does not fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all of our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go; I love my life.
And that sadness was embedded in a single thought, which is, just wishes one thing.
I could be able to see my children grow.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- still . And scream, it's like a little one.
And to me, that was the whole reason of being the world.
At that point, he understood, when I connect those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
For all, the only goal that I have in life is to be a good father.
I was told a miracle, not to die that day.
And there was another gift, which was the possibility to look at the future and come back and live otherwise.
Now, you're flying today, the challenges that you can imagine the same thing is in your airplane -- and please don't -- but imagine, and how do you change?
What they would do, they still expect to do because they think they're going to live forever?
How do you change your relationship and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents who can?
Thank you.
Clearly I've been blessed in life with a lot of amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked on was this guy.
The guy's called TED.
SETI was one of the most important graffiti guards in the '80s.
One day he came home after he ran and he said, "Dad, I feel an ant on the legs."
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today, YouTube has total paralysis.
It can only use the eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a firm of design and animation, so obviously, the graffiti is something that we admire and respected in the world of art.
So we decided that we were going to spread to Tony, TEDMED, and his cause.
So I went and met my brother and father and I said, "Let's give them this money.
What are you going to do with it?"
And his brother said, "I just want to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he's capable of communicating with me."
And I said, "A second, it's not that I've seen Stephen Hawking not that all the people with paralysis can communicate through those devices?"
And he said, "No, unless you're somebody important and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?"
Does anybody look at the film and the butterfly?
They communicate in that way -- they're running with the finger.
I said, "That's archaic . How can it be?"
So I introduced myself with the only wish of building a lure, and instead I signed up a check that didn't have the least idea of how he was going to cover.
I bought with her brother and her father there at that little moment, "Okay, this is the deal: Tony's going to talk, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to go back to do his art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much on their interior can't communicate."
So I talked in a conference a couple of months later.
I met these guys called Greek Research Lab, who have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface, and then, with a laser pointer, they draw on that and record the negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All of the things that appear, they say, are part of a cycle of life.
First they start with sexual organs, then with bad words, after the attacks to Bush, and at the end, people start to make art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations.
And so he started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization, and a lot of the organization moving things around we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of the insurance companies and we got a machine for TED to communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing; I call it, because talking to the guy, you get an email of him, and you say, "I don't deserve it . This guy is fantastic."
The other thing we did was to bring seven programmers around the world literally from all the world's corner to our house.
My wife, the children and I, we moved back to the garage back and these hackers and programmers and conservatives and analysis took the control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we did something completely stupid, and when we regenerate, they would have taken off the walls of the walls and in their place would be graffiti.
But for two weeks we program, we went to the shipping ride of Venice, my son was part, my dog also, and we created this.
It's called Expression, and you can see the description.
They're a couple of cheap sun glasses that we bought in the shipping ride of Venice Beach, some of the copper wire and the Homo Departhon and Radio Shack.
We took a PMTCT camera, we opened it, we put it on a LED light, and now there is a device that is free -- it builds yourself; we published the source of the software down to free.
And we create a device that has no limitation at all.
There is no security company that says "no."
There's no hospital that I can say "no."
Any person with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicating just their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TEDWomen room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person, and that's his room.
There was all this crowd and oil during the great opening.
And after over a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions of every night, Tony went to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life, and it's looking through the support system of your life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a projector on the wall of the hospital.
And he went back for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and they will imagine what the feeling was in the parking.
The funny thing was that we had to build in the parking room, so we felt as if we were legitimacy as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email, and this was what he said, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water and somebody finally came to rescue me, and I'll get away from there so I could breathe."
Isn't it wonderful?
In some ways that's our war scream.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing.
And we have a long way to go with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of prizes.
Remember, it's free; none of us is making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic."
Armstrong took something about us, and then in December, Time magazine was recognized as one of the top 50 inventions of 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about this -- and this is what you end up to close the circle is that in April of this year at the OECD George, at the center of Los Angeles, there's going to be an exhibition called "Art in the streets."
And "Art in the streets" is going to have the best ancestors of urban art, Shephela Falley, CBS, all of them are going to be there.
TEDMED is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that isn't possible, maybe possible.
Nothing in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the College, nothing was possible at a time.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with molecular recognition technology; I just recognized something, and I'm associated with wonderful people in order to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want everybody to do every day when we find something that we have to do . If it's not now, when it's not me, who??
Thank you.
I've spent the last few years by measuring in usually very difficult situations, and at the same time a dangerous.
I went to jail -- hard.
I worked on a coal of coal -- dangerous.
I film in areas of war, difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at the beginning, something hard in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I've been immersed in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to examine social issues in ways that are attractive, interesting, and hopefully analyzing them in a way that you see entertainment and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands, and the pattern wanted to do something a little bit differently.
So some of you may have heard, or not, a couple weeks ago, I took an asset in eBay.
I emailed some messages on Facebook, some of them on Twitter, I offered the rights of my TEDTalk of 2011.
What was the next thing: "There's "Star Norwegians": My TEDTalk that you have no idea of what it is about, and in content, I could explain it in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to your company.
But said this, it's a very good media opportunity."
You know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
A lot.
It's a degree in progress, by the way.
So even with that style, I knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you would have asked it a year ago, I wouldn't have to tell you with certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we tested the world of marketing, of advertising.
And as I said earlier, I've gotten in horrible situations over the last few years, but nothing could be prepared, nothing could anticipate me, for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan Super: I want to make a film that's about the production of products, marketing and advertising, and that all the film is funded with a collection of products, marketing and advertising.
The film is going to call "The largest film ever sold."
What happens in "The biggest film ever sold" is that everything top-down, beginning to end, has a brand image, all the time, from the audience that appears before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand, Color Stone, the Center State.
These people are associated with permission -- forever.
And so the film explores all this idea . (Michael Kay: It's redundant .) That's what? (MK: Is it redundant."
I'm a redundant weight . (MK: I just tell you ." It was more by emphasis.
It was "Apple . forever."
But we're not just going to have the X-ray of the X brand on the title, we're going to make sure we're going to ensure all the categories we can in the film.
Maybe we'll sell a shoe, and the most cool shoe you have used.
The most great car you've been driving in "The largest Foreign film," the best path that you have drink, cuts from "The largest film ever sold."
David King: The idea is then, in addition to show the marks as part of life, make them finance the film? (MS: Make it fund the film .) MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The complete film is transparency.
You're going to see the whole process in this film.
That's the whole idea, all the film, from beginning to end.
And I would love that CEO helps make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that; it's the maximum respect for the audience.
Okay, yet, I don't know how necessary people are going to be.
XL: You have a perspective -- I don't know if "angle" is very negative, but you know how it's going to be represented? (MS: No idea ." David Cohen: How much money does it fail to do this?
MS: A million and a half . (DG: All right) John Kamen: I think it's going to be hard to the meeting, but it certainly is going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands.
XL: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the film is looking at us like a bunch of joyful idiots.
MS: What do you think it's going to be the answer?
Stuart Rover: Most of the answers will be "no."
MS: But it's going to be hard to sell him, by the film or for me?
JK: Both things.
MS:...it means you're not very optimistic.
So, do you help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right . (MK: Okay .) Awesome.
MK: We have to think about what brands.
MS: Yeah . (MK: That's the challenge .) When you look at the people you have to treat.
MK: We have some places where I'll go . (MS: Okay.)
MS: I thought, "I turn the camera," it meant we have a conversation outside.
And the camera was going to say, "We don't want to know anything about your film."
MS: And that was, one by one, all of these companies suddenly disappeared.
None of them wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was shocked.
They didn't want to know about this project.
And I was very impressed; I thought that the concept of advertising, was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today, this intersection of new media and old media and the sector of the separate media, isn't the idea to tell that new vehicle of attention that's going to lead the message to the masses?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a career error and that mistake was this.
Actually no, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image represents.
See, when you look for images of transparency, in Google appears -- this is one of the first images that appear.
I like you to roll, Sergey Brin . No.
This was the problem: transparency -- free of simulation or deception, easily detected or seen -- easily understandable, which is characterized by the visibility or the accessible of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians, the name, the name, even the CEOs.
But suddenly when it comes to making it reality something changes suddenly.
But why? Well, the transparency gives -- like that weird bear that's still around.
It's unpredictable -- like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risky?
So I'm going to eat an entire bowl of Choir White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies, and to tell you that we wanted to tell this story, and they said, "No, we want you to tell a story."
We want to tell a story, but we tell our stories."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie, and there he is looking at how he used to say, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
There is your story, there's my story, and there's the real story."
As you see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanted to help me -- and it just was because I knew John Bond and Richard Khreen, I realized that I would have to go on my account, I would have to take off the business and go to companies myself with my whole team.
So what I started to look at suddenly -- what I started to realize is that when you start conversation with companies, the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, huge, giant movies and others who make small, independent films like mine.
And my friends who make large Hollywood movies, giant, say that the reason their films are so successful because of the associated brands that they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood films?"
And the movie is called "The largest Medical film Does."
How are we going to look specifically to Ben in the film?
Every time I'm coming out, every time I open my button, you'll see the Dutch restaurant.
At any time during an interview with somebody I can say, "Are you well fresh for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you to calm you.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview."
And there was one of these fabulous routes.
Both "Florida Fling" like "paradise winds" are going to have its opportunity.
We are going to have both for man as a woman, solid, to blow, in clay, like it.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a permanent view.
Karen Frank: We are a small mark.
Similar to the smallest kind of film that you told, we are rather a brand.
So we don't have the budget that has other brands.
So doing things like this, you know, reminding people is the reason that we're interested in.
MS: What words would use to describe Ben?
bananas is in white.
KB: That's a great question.
Woman: upper technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something you put on the armpits.
Man: Let's talk about something Adam, fresh.
I think that "cold" is a big word that actually puts this category in positive versus "combination and sweat."
It keeps you cold.
How do you keep you more time? With better fresh, more fever, three times more cool.
Things like those who reluctant the benefits.
MS: And that's a billionaire company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man of the street, people like me, to the Common People.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: Hmm?
I don't know.
I like the good clothes.
Woman: I'm going to check the '80s, paper painter.
MS: Okay, what is the Greek brand?
Herbie: Something . (MS: Just .) Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style I have would be like a dark glamour.
I really like dark colors, many gray and things like this.
And I usually have accessories like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand, it could be a classic classic, Mercer Benz.
Man 2: The brand I am, I'll call it casual flight.
Woman 2: In part of the hippie, in part of it, "Pixar" -- I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of pets.
It sold toys in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sketch, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I gave the market.
Man 5: Marco market failed.
Is that something?
lawyers: I'm a lawyer.
Tom: I'm tomorrow.
MS: Well, we can't all be brand Tom, but I often classify me in the intersection of dark dark and flying.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could enter my head, somebody who could help me understand what they call the brand personality.
And I found a company named Oloh Zaboli in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Nelson, February, California to discover that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Apple: Bring the photos, right?
MS: Yeah . The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit of how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live in -- as people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are coming up and start in a place, and in my case, they orient and they start in my family, in Virginia West.
Narrator: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is, "This was the best day of my life."
A: How does this relate to your thoughts and feelings and your way of being??
MS: It's like who I want to be.
I like different things.
I like the weird things . I like the weird things.
A: "Why do you do that?"
What's the machine? What's the computer phase you find now?
Why is it important to reboot? What represents red?
Tell a little bit about that.
A little bit more than you are, which is not who you are.
What other methods have you had?
... doesn't have to be afraid . What kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: Yay! (Voice: Thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience . (MS: Great work) (MS: Thank you very much .) Okay.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness in all this.
linearly Zambia: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides, but complementary, in your brand personality -- the brand Morgan Sputnik is a constant brand.
They were very good together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's a human nature to avoid things that they're not safe; avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them a little bit of a positive thing to you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are that?
The first here is the classic, Apple.
And you can see here also here to Target, Wii, Mini from Mini Cooper and Texas.
Now, there are complicated brands and conscious brands, those things that have gone and come, but a brand of a brand is quite powerful.
MS: A brand . What is your brand?
If anyone asked you to describe your brand identity, your brand personality, what would it be?
Are you an extra attribute? Are you somebody who makes blood flow??
Or are you rather good at an attribute?
A little bit more calm, reserved, conservative???
momentous attributes are like being a playful to be fresh as the Prince, contemporary, adventure, pirate or audacious, like Israel Flow, fast or agile, professional, magic or mystic like Gandhi.
Or do you get more attractive attributes?
Are you conscious, so sophisticated like 700?
Are you established, traditional, provider, protective, do you relate to Oprah?
Are you reliable, stable, family, reliable, safe, sacred, contemplative or wise, like Dalai Lama or soul?
In the course of this film, we had over 500 companies, elevators and offspring, which said "no," they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mostly because they had no control, they had no control on the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the neocortex, and we come to tell the story in this film of how we now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing as for cinema.
We went to St. Paulo where they've banned the advertising outdoors.
All over the city over the last five years there are no valleys, there's no fangs, no volumes, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are getting on the way in the schools in the United States.
The incredible thing to me is that the projects in which I've had the greatest answer or the most successful answer are those that I've interviewed with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
He took the intermediary, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal directly with artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to make people think about the way we look at the world.
And how has you gone? Did they succeed?
Well, since the film are at the Sunday Festival, we look at a look.
In the movie, the film is arrested in January, and since then, this is not all about 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers only a two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The film is still not distributed.
It's still not online . It's not in any store.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad because about all the agencies that we talked about with them to their customers not to be part.
I've always believed that if you get risks, if you take risks, that you have opportunities.
I think that when you go to the people of that, you're pushing it to failure.
I think that when you train your employees in your risk, you're preparing your entire company to get out of rewards.
I feel that what has to happen to go forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We need to encourage people that I have no fear of the opportunities they can show them.
Ultimately, I'm going to move forward, I think we need to give it place.
We have to put that bear on a cage.
We open the fear . We open the risk.
From a spoon at a time, we have to embrace the risk.
And ultimately we have to keep transparency.
More than ever a little bit of honesty is going to get a long way.
And he said this, with honesty and transparency, all of my talk, "We abstract transparency" has been presented by my good friend of Milore who by $7 bought the name rights in eBay.
EM: So making great data in great opportunities for companies around the world.
E=MC shows "Let's open the Transparency."
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So, Morgan, in name of transparency, that happened exactly with those dollars?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket, I have a name of the name of TED's military organization, the Sapling Foundation, a $7,100 phenomenon to be applied to my TED care of the next year.
The idea behind the Sonary computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their greatest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the eradication plant of the Ukraine.
The gray box you see are systems of control in real time.
If you get to commit these systems that control speed and valves, we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software; it's a completely different technology.
But if we were able to put the effective virus of Windows in a portable computer using an engineer to make this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind T-Mobile.
We started with a Windows installed.
The ear goes into the gray box, it hurt the centrifuge, and the nuclear nuclear program is demonstrated; mission accomplished.
It's easy, huh??
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started investigating about Skype six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex in the part of Windows: the controller used multiple distant vulnerabilities.
It seemed like to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us attention, and we started an experiment where we infected our environment with Stephen and we saw what happened with this.
So they did very strange things.
Shaw was behaved like a laboratory rat that he didn't like our cheese: I smelled it, but I didn't want to eat.
I didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese flavors, I realized, and I thought, this is a direct attack.
It's completely prime."
The facility is actively looking in the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working on that place.
If no, Joshua does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this about 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is."
It could be, let's say, an American energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
So we better discover the goal.
And then we went extinct and we took the attack code, and we found that I was structured in two digital bombs: a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were armed very professionally by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points I'm going to attack.
They probably even know how much the operator takes.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that Joshua's staff is complex and high-tech, let me tell you: the burden is very complex.
It's very above all we have seen before.
So here you see a sample of this code of attack.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old assembly language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we were looking at at the beginning were called a system function, because we know what they do.
Then we were looking for technologists and data structures and we try to relate them to the real world, with real world potential.
We need to have some strategies about rooms that we could pass or argue.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent cartoon, it must be a valuable white, and it's surely located in Iran, because it's where most infections have been reported.
You don't find several thousands of goals in that area.
It basically gets reduced to the nuclear energy plant of Bush and to the Nash enriched plant.
So I told my assistant, "Take a list of all the experts in circumstances and power plants between our clients."
He called them, and he told them in an effort for making his experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to associate the little digital Jew with broken control.
The broken is that moving part inside the centrifuge, that black object that you see.
If you run the speed of this broken, you can actually break it up and even make the centrifuge explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and rediscover in an effort to go back to the emerging engineers, so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
So we tried to figure out the big digital owner looking at the data and their structures.
So, for example, the number 16 hits in that code, you can't operate.
I started to investigate scientific literature about how these centrifuge centers are built in Natasha and found that they are structured in what's called a waterfall, and every waterfall contains 164 cents.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These projections in Iran are divided in 15 parts called steps.
And guess what we found in the attack code??
An almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
It wasn't.
The results have been got after several weeks of hard work.
We typically ended up in heat without salt, and we had to go back.
And yet, we found that both digital Jews pointed on one single and same goal, but from different angles.
The small Jew is taking a waterfall, and making the breaks and rating them, and the big girl communicates with six inches and manipulating valves.
In sum, we're very confident that we've determined what the device is.
It's Natasha, and it's just Natasha.
We shouldn't worry about other goals to be achieved by 9/11.
So here's a very interesting thing here that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and you see the centrifuge.
What this thing does is to intercept the input values of sensors for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and providing legitimate code, which still executive during the attack, with false data.
And believe it or not, this false entry data is pushed by Stuxnet.
It's like the Hollywood movies where, during the robbery, the chamber of security will be fed out of pregnant video.
Is it great?
The idea here is obviously not just going to build the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to build a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big steam turbine is happening, you have to open up valves in a millisecond.
Obviously, this can't do a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed, then bad things can happen.
The plant can exploit.
And or the security system, you'll notice it.
That scares.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think of this . This attack is generic.
It has nothing to see, specifically, with centrifuge, using uranium.
It could work also, for example, in an energy plant, or an automotive factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have -- as a attacker, which will disseminate this burden with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Skype.
You could also use conventional worms of worms to disseminate it.
Let me determine it as possible.
And if you do that, what you end up with is with a cyber of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we should face.
Unfortunately, the biggest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All the green areas are spaces with great numbers of targets.
We have to face the consequences, and better we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph, has been done in many sides that people assume that the mosque is the main entities behind this.
What is your view?
Ralph Lego: Okay, you really want to hear this?
Yeah . Okay.
My opinion is that the museum is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is the cyber superpower.
There's a single one, and it's the United States, fortunately, fortunately.
Because, otherwise, our problems would be even greater.
CA: Thank you for diving . Thank you, Ralph.
I want you to imagine a robot that can be taken and give brand abilities, or another one that makes you use of wheelchair and go back and walk.
In "Berkeley Bionics" call these robots, exoskeletons.
They're nothing different of something that gets in the morning, gives you a big force, which you also increase your speed, and help you, for example, to handle the balance.
It's actually the true integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- can integrate it and connect it to the universe and with other people.
This is not a real idea.
To show you now in what we're working on, we start talking about the American soldier, which, on average, has to take over their back a 45 kilos load, and they're demanding to bring even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries in the back, 30 percent of soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help handle the issue.
Let me introduce you to the HIV, or the University of Universal.
Soldier: With the HIV exoskeleton, I can cover 90 kilos by variable terrain for many hours.
His flexible design, it allows you to put on and run and execute movements with great agility.
So, what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increase my strength and my resistance.
Edward bless: We are ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton, this year.
That's a reality.
We're looking back now to the users of wheelchair, about what I'm particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people about it, in chairs, all over the world.
Like one percent of the entire population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We're talking about something that happens with frequency, very young people, with damage in the spine column that when they start their life -- at the age of 20, 30 or 40 -- they collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that aging that it's rapidly multiply.
Their only choice, many times -- because of a cerebral injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been so on over the last 500 years, from its successful appearance, as I have to recognize.
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter of mobility.
Let me introduce you to the ELAM, which is using Amanda Bolt who's 19 years ago, had a lesion in the spine column, and as a result, I couldn't walk back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Bolt: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our EEG, I mentioned.
You have some sensors.
It's completely not invasive in the crutches that send the computer to the onboard, in the back.
There are also a little bit of batteries that give energy to the motors in the hips, and in the knees, and they make it go on this soft, very natural gait.
AB: I was 24 at the top of my life when, by a stranger jump in the air, writing it up was paralyzed.
In a fraction of a second, I lost all feelings and all movement of the pelvis down.
Shortly after, a doctor came into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Amanda, never will walk."
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole to the last piece of hope of my self.
And the adaptation technology since then, it's allowed me to learn how to slide it down in ski, climbing rocks and even riding a hand bike.
But they haven't invented anything that lets me walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the future of future generations -- not just soldiers, but to Amanda, and all the users of wheelchair, everybody.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the baton, they practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the feedback of the Arduino man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of wild forests of Congo forests.
Bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their nearest living relatives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, a evolutionary grandmother, who lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known by their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've done too much sync in this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
While chimps are dominated by large guys, terrifying, Bonobo society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special, because this leads to a very tolerant society where the deadly violence is still not observed.
But unfortunately, Bonobos are the least understood of the big apes.
They live in the depths of the Congolese jungle, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the illusion itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been provided by decades and caused almost so many deaths as the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
The hunting trade of hunting and deforestation make you can't fill or a stadium with the bonobos who are in the world -- and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the hidden laughter by measuring trees.
Who are these cousins?
We know them like the apes "make love, not war," because they have frequent sex, marketers and bisexual to handle conflicts and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because of the life of the Bonobo is more than the Kame Dead.
Bonobos, like humans, love playing along all their life.
Play is not just a child's game.
For us, and for them, the game is fundamental to build ties and foster tolerance.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of play.
Play increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with diversity of diversity -- diversity of interactions, diversity of behaviors, diversity of connections.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you see the same evolutionary roots of laughter, dance and human ritual.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken from the wild.
First, it's a banana bottle game, and I don't talk about football.
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a chase.
Look at what she's doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, "it's got the ball of the balls."
I just think that in this case he loved it, right?
Yeah.
So sexual game is common in Bonobo as humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play as the testes and also how play requires trust and foster trust -- and at the same time it's the most fun thing.
But play is controversial.
The game is political, it can add a lot of ways, some of which are more quiet, imaginative, curious -- maybe the place where the awe is resistant.
And I want you to see -- this is Furture, a young female, who is playing with water.
I think that, like she, we sometimes play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner worlds and outside.
And it's that place that drives us to explore, to interact, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the actual delusion of creativity.
These are just small samples of the understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a more difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is the key of these capabilities.
In other words, play is our adaptation.
To adapt to a world that changes, we need to play.
But do we take to do our game capacity?
The game is not frivolous.
The game is essential.
For Bonobo and humans, for the same, life is not just cruel and neglected.
When it seems the least appropriate to play, they can be the moments that it's most urgent.
And so, primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscover creativity and friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York City, I'm responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood.
When I'm not fighting poverty, combat fires as assistant of captain in a body of volunteers.
And in our city, where the volunteers are to a highly skilled staff, you have to get to the fire of the fire very soon to go into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteers in the site, so I had a pretty high probability.
But still there was a race on foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain, he was trained in a conversation with the owner that he certainly caught one of the worst days of his life.
We were on the middle of the night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a umbrella, in pajamas, Barefoot, while her house was in call.
The other volunteer that I've just got before I was, let's call him Slow Luther first to the captain, and he asked her to go into and save the dog's dog dog.
The dog! I was so jealous.
There was an analog or a money gesture who, during the rest of her life, would have to tell people that I entered a building on the call to save a living being only because I earned for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me a way.
He said, "Beekelong, I need you to come home.
I need you to go up, turn the fire, and I brought this woman a pair of shoes."
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I was -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hallway, I went to the royal firemen who were at that height or less, had ended up to turn the fire and come into the room of a pair of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my payload back to the ladder where I met my Mennines and the precious dog in the front door.
We took out of the house, the treasures for home dune, as it was to wait, his treasure received a lot more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter of the house owner grateful by the courageous effort showed to save his house.
The kindness that she looked at about the other thing was that someone had reached him even a pair of shoes.
So much in my vocation in Robin Hood as in my vocation as a volunteer bomb, I'm witness of acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also of the acts of grace and courage to individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has their importance.
So, when I look in this room to people who have achieved, or you're to get, remarkable levels of success would like to remember this: Don't wait.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in the life of someone.
If you have something to give you now.
They serve food on a dining machine, they clean a neighborhood.
They're mentors.
Not every day, we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's life, but every day we can influence someone's lives.
So they train the game; save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, came back.
Mark Bezos: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great administrator of the concrete block.
The world's first concrete blocks made in 1865 with a very simple idea: cement module of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used construction unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build larger things than us, like buildings or bridges, a brick at once.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, to LIGO, we came up with this.
It was called automatic assembly brick.
And in a few years, LGBT bricks came to every home.
It's estimated to be made over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineering to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
LGBT made it accessible.
LGBT simply adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce: the new building block.
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of aesthetic bricks attached to each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block, the transistor allows you to create and more complex circuits, a brick at a time.
But there is a main difference: The transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept that, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I began to explore the idea of bringing the power of engineers into the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started to develop libraries.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Liberia are each of them with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best of all of them is that they join through magnets.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a code of color.
Green is the exit, the blue is the current, the pink is the entrance and the orange color is wire.
So, you just have to assemble a blue with green one, and very quickly, you can start doing bigger circuits.
A blue one with green makes light.
We can put a button in the middle and we have a regulators.
If we change the button by a pulse module, which is here, and now we have a light.
We added this doorbell to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond simple game, libraries are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program, connect and support, lithium allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make it faster, or slower, you just spin this button that makes the octopus faster or slower.
The idea behind Pittsburgh is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world to get down to bricks ready to use.
Light, sounds, solar panels, motors, everything must be accessible.
We've given the children to see kids play with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best is how you start to understand the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a light works, or why the door of an elevator is held open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also taken Lesterland to design schools.
So, for example, the designers without experience in electronics begin to play with libraries as a material.
Here you can see, with polar bottles and party, we have Georgia creating.
(metallic sounds) So a few weeks ago, we took Pittsburgh to the designers of Rhode Island, who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper, and we said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that they've done, a conference cannon in motion.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a landscape made of Play-Doh that's afraid of the darkness.
For these no engineers, politicians became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be aware of all.
So libraries has open source.
You can visit the website, download all of the design files and make them.
We want to encourage a world of creators, inventors and collaborators because this world that we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So go ahead and invent.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company is looking forward to the environment.
The distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm . Wait for a moment.
You can get a little bit on charge.
And we can -- we can continue to -- we can continue we better leave the video on a side.
No.
This is not ...
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, I'm afraid of time?
All right . Thank you very much.
A couple years ago, a couple of years ago, an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything they're supposed to do; we asked them to work in government.
The initiative was called Computer for America, and it would be like a Person's Peace.
We selected some members every year, and we put them to work with municipalities.
Instead of sending them to the Seran World, we send them to the wild world.
They did great applications; they worked with the municipal employees.
His task is to show the possibility of the current technology.
You meet Al.
This is a hospital in Boston City.
So here it comes up as if I would look for a date, but what it really looks for is somebody clean it when it gets trapped by the snow because it knows that it's not very good at turning fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did they come to ask for help in this unique way?
Last year, in Boston, we had a team of Computer members for America.
They were in February, and at that time, I was a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these strands.
But one of the members called Erik Michellescen noticed something else: that citizens clean with sticks right in front of them.
So he did as any good programmer, he developed an app.
It's a cute app in which a hydrant can be adopted.
You accept by cleaning it when I snow.
When you do, you put a name, in this case, you put it up.
If you don't do it, somebody can store.
I mean, it has a playful component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 app applications last year.
But it does something that no government technology does.
And it's going viral.
One responsibility of the World City systems when he saw this app realized that he could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to add tsunami.
It's very important to work on these tsunami spills, but people were stealing the batteries.
That's why I ask citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to get citizens to cover the roofs.
And Chicago has just launched it to make people registered to clean sidewalks when I snow.
So we now know about nine cities that you plan to use it.
And this is spreading without friction, organic and natural.
If you know a little bit of government technology, you know that this is not normally happening.
The acquisition of software generally takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that required three people for two months and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that they have done that because of the normal channels would have taken at least two years and about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the Jewish power of California that until the moment has been to half billion dollars, and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this on every level of government.
So an app that's programmed in a couple of days, and it's a viral way in viral form is a luck of warning to the institution of government.
It suggests the government better ways of working, not as private companies, as a lot of people think it should be.
Nor as a technological company, it's rather like the Internet itself.
That is, without restrictions, it's open and generative.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way to address the question of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an unacceptable institution, but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out that we are very good for the collective action with digital technology.
And there is a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only Computer for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given to the government.
You feel a great frustration before that, but you don't complain, you fix it.
And these people know something we've lost from sight.
And it is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the line at the DVD, and all those other things that put us crazy, the government is essentially, in the words of Tim Relevan, "What we do together because we can't."
Now, many people have left government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to remember, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change; the government itself.
And because the government at last end of us -- remember that from "We, the village?" The way to think about it will affect how to produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government was to choose people to occupy charges.
Well, after two years, I came to the conclusion that government is, especially, a matter of tapirs.
This is the phone center of service and information.
It's the place that's called the calls if you check 2011 in America.
Scott looked at this called.
He was in the official knowledge base.
I didn't find anything . It started with animal control.
And he finally said, "Hey, can you open the door of the house, get music good and see if you go?"
And it worked . So, by Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the branches.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app, a web and a mobile phone, called Citizens Connection.
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very smart people at the Office of the New Mechanical Museum.
So one day, this happened really, it comes up with this: "Brazil in my trash cube . I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do that?"
The dynamic Connecticut Connection is different.
And Scott was talking in person.
In Citizens Connecticut, it's all public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, he saw it a neighbor.
And the next report said, "I came to the place, I found the garbage cover behind the house.
Zander? Yes . Life? Yes.
I gave back the cube . I went home.
Good night, sweet shoem."
Quite simple.
This is great . It's the confluence of the digital and the physical.
And it's also a great example of the government income to the distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of governance as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean technology technology.
I'm talking about a platform for people to destroy and help others.
So, one citizen helped another one, but here the government had a key role.
He connected two people.
And it could have connected to the government services of being necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we make communities.
If we call the animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but you think one is the entrance of the other.
So our entrance to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we hope that the government reflects our values and save our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is as an immense ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 inches.
Underneath it is what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it is that contempt that keeps us that, that we fund as something that operates against us, that one thing, and we're actually losing the power.
People believe that politics is sensual.
If we want this institution to work we will have to make the bureaucracy sensual.
Because that's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with government machinery.
That's the Electronic movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of worried citizens who have written a very detailed report of 32 pages in response to the TED Commission on the project of financial reform.
That's not political activism, it's bureaucratic activism.
And for those of us who have been rejected about government, it's time that we ask ourselves what we want to leave our children.
You have to see enormous challenges that they'll face.
Do you really think we'll get where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on the name of all?
We can't afford for government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology, it's possible to rethink the function of government so that it can be expanded to the civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet, and it knows that it's not so hard to act, there's only to crack the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years, so, so I am a bigger generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk -- everybody's going to talk.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and they do.
So when you face the government problem, you don't care much to make your voices.
They're using hands.
They put hands to the work to program apps that make the government better.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning a screen, taking a little ball, dumping a trash cube that has a blood inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hydrants and a lot of people do it.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we're not only consumers, we're not only consumers that we pay taxes and get services.
We are more than that: We are citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the citizenship.
So I want to ask everybody, when it comes to the important things that we need to do together, all together, will we be a voices of voices, or will we be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and death row.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there is a lot of despair.
And I'm going to be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus, has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things that I noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that are told here are impact around the world.
In times, if something comes from TED, it makes a sense and a force that wouldn't have otherwise.
I say this because I think the identity is really important.
Here we have seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach them with feeling, you can have a special meaning.
A physician can do good things, whether it's charitable, it can achieve a lot more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't actually learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up at a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a matriarch, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in the family.
She started a lot of the decisions in our home.
He was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born on slavery in Virginia on 1883.
She was born over 1880 and his experience with slavery was the way I saw the world.
She was hard, but she was also loving.
When I was small and I looked at her, she approached me and gave me a good hug.
I was so hard that I could barely breathe, and then I went out.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at it, and she approached me and said, "Are you still feeling my hug?"
And if I told her that I didn't, I grabbed again, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
It had this human quality that would always want to be near it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was at least 10.
In the occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight, I woke up one morning, I went to the room, and they were running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
I thought it was a game.
And then I looked at it and smile, but she was very serious.
After 15, 20 minutes, she stood up, went back to the room, took me out of my hand, and he said, "Come up . We're going to talk."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and said, "Bull, I'll tell you something, but you can't say it."
I said, "It's okay, Mom."
She said, "Now let me don't ." I said, "Sure."
Then I felt, I looked at me and said, "I want you to be looking at you."
And I said, "I think you're special."
He said, "I think you can do whatever you want."
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise three things, Brown."
I said, "Sure, Mom."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to do is you always want your mother."
Audi, "She's my girl, and you have to promise you will always be able to."
Like my mom, I said, "Yeah, Mom, so I'll do it."
Then he said, "The second thing that I want you to promise me is that you will always do the right thing that's hard."
I thought it, and I said, "Yeah, Mom . That's what I'll do."
Then, finally he said, "The third thing I want you to promise me is you never drink alcohol."
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mom, so I will."
I grew up in the field, in rural South . I have a brother a year older and a sister a year.
When I was 14, one day my brother came home with a second package of six beer, I didn't know where I took them, I grabbed my sister and me and left for the forest.
We're just doing the madness.
He took a beer set, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me.
I said, "No, no, no, no . It's okay . You go on, but I'm not going to take beer."
My brother said, "Come on . I do it today . And you always do the same thing as you.
I've taken something, your sister too . Take a beer."
I said, "No . I wouldn't feel good . You can follow."
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What's wrong? Take a beer."
And I took my gaze with force and went, "Oh, it's not that you're still thinking about the conversation with breast."
I said, "But what are you talking about?"
He said, "Mommy tells all the grandchildren who are special."
I was broken.
I have to admit something in front of you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this is going to spread widely.
But I'm 52, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this thinking I'm a virtual; I say it by the power that identity has.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to others who really don't see meaning.
We can't get to do things that don't believe to be able to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been prisoners.
My uncles died from age-related diseases.
And these were the things that, according to them, had to be engaged.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in common freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor or black communities, you find so much desire, so much despair, determined by these facts.
One out of three black between the 18 and 30 years old is in jail or controlled freedom.
In urban communities across the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington, 50 to 60 percent of all the color of color are in jail or in common freedom.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that deals with you much better if you're rich and guilty, if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilty, it's wealth, which drives the results.
And it seems like we feel very quiet.
The politics of fear and the strength makes us believe that these are not problems.
We're disconnected.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work, some pretty curious developments.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you have the rights of rights forever if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we project it to the next 10 years, the level of loss of rights will be so elevated as it was before the law of the right to the vote.
We have this stunning silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
The United States is the only country in the world where it stands to children in 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this prison for children, no possibility of coming out.
We are in the process of some litigation.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in death row.
This death penalty issue is interesting.
In some sense, we've been accused to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for the committed crime?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think about how we are in our identity.
There's another way of looking at it: it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die by the combined crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
Out of every nine people who are executed, it's been identified one that's innocent that it's an excited and released from the death string.
A mistake, amazing, an innocent of every nine.
This is interesting.
And in aviation, it would never allow you to pay airplanes if every nine you would pick up, you would be there.
But somehow we introduced the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our fight.
I talk a lot about these things.
I'm talking about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with the African-American history, I'm talking about slavery.
I'm talking about terrorism, the time it started at the end of the reconstruction and lasted to World War II.
Really, we don't know much about this.
But for the black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by terror.
In many communities, people were afraid of being linked.
They were worried about it.
The threat of terror was what he defined his lives.
Now there are older people who come to me, and they say, "Mr. Stevenson, you're going to tell talks, make speeches . Tell the people who stop saying that in our history we do for the first time with terrorism, after 9/11."
They asked me to say, "No . Say we grew up with that."
The age of the terror is obviously, obviously, with segregation and decades of racial and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we have historically done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflicts.
It costs us to talk about race . I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregation without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving conferences on death penalty.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation, and he said, "You know it's good worrying to hear what you say."
Audience: We have no death row in Germany.
We can naturally never have it here."
The room was silent and a lady said, "There's no way that with our history, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately, we put people together."
They think about this.
How do we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, to execute people, especially if they were in their Jews?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If you actually don't worry about these difficult issues, positive and wonderful things are, however, involved.
We love innovation.
We're fascinated . We worship creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are rooted by suffering, abuse, degradation, marine.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We finally talked about the need to have more hope, greater engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that does mean to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor, the ones that would never get to TED.
Think about them, in a certain way, something that is inside our self.
We have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
We are, despite being so rational, so committed with the intellectual.
In innovation, with creativity, development comes not only from brain ideas.
These things come from ideas as well by heart convictions.
This connection of mind with heart is what drives us not only in the brilliant and dazzling thing, but also the dark and the hard thing.
Victor Hall, the great boy leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe, the oppression, we had all sorts of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a will to be in places of hopelessness and witness."
Well, that orientation for spirit is practically in the heart of what I believe, even in communities like TED, has to be committed.
There's no disconnect related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay the attention to poverty, exclusion, inequality, injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Go back to find them.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Parks.
These women are just together to talk.
Occasionally, Mr. Zero called me, to tell me, "Black, the Parks comes . We're going to meet to speak.
You want to come and listen?"
I said, "Yeah, I know . I want."
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you come?"
I said, "Listen to you."
So I went and I just listened to them.
It was really screezing, very illumination.
And on one occasion I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks was headed to me and he said, "Now, Brown, let me tell you that it's that idea of equality justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started to give him my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted.
We tried to confront prejudice and discrimination in criminal justice administration.
We're trying to end up with the sentences of life, without parole freedom for children.
We try to do something about death penalty.
We're trying to reduce the population in prison.
We're trying to end the massive incarceration."
I gave it all my best speech, and at the end of the end, I looked at me and said, "Hmm minimum."
And I said, "Administration, very exhausted."
At that point, Ms. Gore, he leaned up, he put her finger in the face and he said, "That's why you have to be very, very brave."
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find the way to face those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand, and to believe that every one of us is higher to the worst we've made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure that if someone takes something that doesn't belong, it's not a leader.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it's a murderer.
So, I think there is a basic dignity in people who have to be respected by law.
I also think that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's not.
I actually think that in many parts of the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very quiet, very stimulating, we're not going to judge us for our technology, for our designs, not for our intellectual capacity or rational.
In the end, you judge the character of a society, not because of the way you treat rich, powerful and privileged, but the way they treat poor, the condoms, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand really profound issues about what we are.
I'm going to end up with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
I was tired, like everybody.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these guys who have been feeling very hard.
I go to jail and I see my clients from 13 and 14 years old, who have been used to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn to someone in what it is?
The judge was told as a grown-up, but I see a child.
I was a very evening evening, thinking -- "My God, if the judge can turn you into something that you are not, must have magical power.
Yes, Brian, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As I was very late, I couldn't think correctly, but I started working in a different.
He had a 14 year-old client, a small, poor, black.
I started working on the microscope, with a hook that said, "You know, I'm like, "Mosquito for my 14 year-old black client as a privileged white of a cooperation."
In the occasion, I put it out there in the process, in the behavior of the police and in the process.
There was a line about how in this country there is no ethics, but a whole lack of ethics.
At the next morning, I woke up thinking that instant society would be a dream, or actually writing it?
For my horror, not only had it down, but he'd sent it to the court.
About two months passed, I had already forgotten it.
And eventually I decided -- Oh God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I got up to the car and I felt really overwhelmed, overwhelmed.
I went on the car to the judge.
I thought this would be very much very difficult and I thought.
He finally dropped me out of the car . I walked to the judge.
I was going up the stairs when I found a big black man; he was the consumer's advice.
When I saw, I came up to me and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer ." He says, "Is you lawyers?" I said yes.
So I came up and open up.
And I whispered in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was survivor.
That was deeply connected with me, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When it comes, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this little bit of money?"
I said, "Yes, Mr. I was me ." And we started discussing.
People started getting . They were all outraged.
I was the one who had written those crazy crazy.
The cops arrived, the asteroids.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was filled with people, all furious because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we were talking about inequality.
With the eyes of the eye, he went up to see the advice that he went and came.
I looked down the window, and I would hear the whole script.
He went on to walk here and for there.
Finally, this old black, with a concern face, entered the room and sat behind me, almost at the lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge took a recession.
During the rest of the cliff, it was defined because the consensus had entered the room.
The assistant was able to get over the old black.
And he said, "Jimmy, what do you do in the audience room?"
And the old black stood up, looking at the assistant, looked at me and said, "I went into this audience room to tell this young man who keeps his view in the target."
I've come to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large, but it folds towards justice.
We can't truly be evolved if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
Our survival is attached to others.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity should be led to francettic, compassionate and justice.
And on top of all, to those of us who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the target.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, of this community, to help in your purposes, to do something.
Something that's not a check . What can we do??
BF: There are many close opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a spring that you're going to make an effort in the background, the funds that are spent today on punishment policies.
For example, here in California, they're going to spend a billion dollars in death penalty in the next five years . A billion dollars.
And despite this, 46 percent of the cases of homicide are not fully arrested.
56 percent of rapes don't get anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This sphere is going to propose that they look at these funds to get the law to the safety.
I think there is a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in the crime in the United States in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, it's said that it has to do with the largest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who think that this is?
BF: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in mass incarceration in this country is not by crimes with violence.
It's because of the wrong thing against drugs.
That's why it comes up with this dramatic increase in the character.
And we stopped convincing the punishment of punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people into perpetual chain -- to steal a bicycle, for small crimes against property, instead of making those resources back to their victims.
I think we need to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
And it seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does nothing by no one.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brown, you've been excited today here.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats by bin Laden's death.
Announcer 2: famine in Somalia . Excuse me three: the police pulls O.C . spray.
Announcer 4: ruthless roads . Local 5: Moroccoles.
Announcer six: social decide . locomotion seven: 65 deaths.
Announcer 8: The tsunami alert . Announcer 9: cyberattacks.
Several crazy ones: Maricy war . massive destruction.
recession . Bangalore . final justice . Egypt . Syria.
Crisis . Death . disaster.
Oh, God!
Peter Diamandis: These are just some of the clips that I had in the last six months, and they would usually be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the media means prefer to give us negative news, because our minds are paying attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of every day our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing matters to us, the first stop of all that data is an old fragment of the temporal lobe called amygdala.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
It ordered and recorded all of the information looking for something in the environment that could make us damage.
That's why a dozen stories are going to look at the negative.
That old adage of the press: "if there's blood, sell," it's very true.
And because all digital devices provide the seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we're pessimistic.
It's not surprising that people think that the world is going to be wrong.
But maybe it's not.
Maybe, instead, what really happens is that we get distorted.
Perhaps the enormous progress done in the last century of a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems: climate change, the extinction of species, the scarcity of water and energy, we certainly have them.
As human beings, we're very good at overcoming problems, and all over the long.
So let's look at what happened in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average of life is more than doubled, the per per capita income per capita has tripled around the world.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, transportation and communications, has fallen 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that the world literacy went from 25 percent to over 80 percent over the last 130 years.
We're actually living a little bit extraordinary.
A lot of people are forgotten.
And we continue to get higher and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think, today in America, many of the people who live under poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, refrigerators, television, mobile, air conditioning and cars.
The bankers in the course of the last century, the world's expectations, would never have dreamed of a little light.
So supporting a lot about this is technology, and lately, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that stops in technology technology jumped in this curve, Moore's Law, and he doubled the price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
For that reason, the mobile that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a 1970s supercomputer.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, how gentle it is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession, in depression, and.
It's the result of quick computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop in any of the big challenges.
And even though it's gravitationally on a law on the left, it goes around.
The growth rate of technology is actually getting faster.
And in this curve, the Moore's Law troops, there are a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we count today.
The computation in the cloud, which my friends of Autodesk called infinite computing, sensors and networks, robotics, 3D printing and its capacity of democracy and distribute personalized production in the entire planet, synthetic biology, fuels, vaccines and food, digital medicine, and national medicine.
I mean, how many of you saw the victory in Jefferson's Republic, of IBM??
It was epic.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline I would have.
And I loved this: "Watson comes to human opposition."
Jeopardy is not an easy game.
It plays with the nuances of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the mobile.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Village University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and particularly how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to sing a company, or a product or a service, which can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the lives of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would be absurd.
Today we can point a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating fancy life for every single person on the planet; it's about creating a life of possible.
It's about taking that it's scarce and get it plentiful.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
This is a National IRI story in the 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
He invited the king of Simon.
The Napoleon troops ate with silver covers, and the same Napoleon, with gold covers.
But the king of Sir, I ate with aluminum covered.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet; it's more than the gold and the dish.
So that's why the tip of Mount to Washington is aluminum.
You see, although the aluminum is eight percent of the Earth mass, it doesn't come as pure metal.
It's driven by oxygen and silicon.
But then the electrodes came up and made the aluminum something so cheap that we use it as being wasted.
We project this analogy to the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a wild planet for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to the Earth 16 energy turbines every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarcity, it's about accessible.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the computer-generated generator: 88 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study which shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity cost six cents per hour compared to the 15 cents of the national medium.
And if we have energy abundance, we also have water abundance.
Let's talk about the wars of water.
Do you remember when Carl Sagan pointed the Voyager spacecraft to the Earth, in 1990, after it happened? Saturn?
He took a famous picture . How was it called??
"A pale point."
Because we live in a planet of water.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent per water.
Yes, 95 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fight for half a percent of the water of the planet, but here's a hope.
It's a technology that's available not in 10 years, but right now.
nanotechnology comes, nanotechnologists.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovations of the court -- I would like to share with you, he gave me permission to do it -- his technology called Silicon -- the name is the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand gallons of drinking water on any day from any hot water source, contaminated water, a latrine for less than two cents a gallon.
Coke's president just agreed to make an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes right, and I've got confidence to be, Coca-Cola will implement it globally in 2006 countries on the planet.
This is a powerful innovation for this technology that today exist.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
Oh my God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world for late 2013.
Think, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And with a smart cell with Google, he has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton about 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that nobody could have ever predicted.
So better than that, the things that you and I have paid of tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars, video video, images, libraries and music, medical diagnostic technology, and you're going to get market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing is when the health enforcement apps.
Last month, I had the pleasure of announce with the World Foundation something called the X-ray Prize, 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the world's teams to combine these technologies in a mobile device with which they're talking, and because they have A.I, they can take off, they can extract blood.
To win has to make better diagnosis than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the payload of morality is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent of health care workers.
When this device is a virus of RNA or DNA that I don't recognize, I'm calling the health environment and, first, avoid the pandemic.
But this is the biggest force of producing a world of abundance.
I call it the billion in increase.
The white lines here are the population.
We just passed the mark of seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographics is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, to go from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds never before they join the global conversation.
What would these people want?
What would you build? What would you want to have?
And instead of an economic collapse, we will have the greatest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of trillion dollars in the global economy.
And they'll get more health to the Reither, from a better education with the Khan Academy, and because of the use of 3D printing and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we provide three billion more of members of humanity, educated and productive healthy?
How about a few voices before?
What if we give them the oppressed, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time?
What will these three billion?
What if they are contributions that we can't predict?
So something I learned with the X Prize is that small teams, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that could only do the great corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There is a program that maybe some already knows.
It's called Florida.
I came up at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out the way that protein will be completed.
Plants determine the structure and the functionality.
It's really important to medical research.
And so far, it was a computer problem.
They've played with this university teacher, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined and started playing it.
And it's shown that today, the machinery of human patterns of human patterns is better folding protein than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, which gives me enormous confidence in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the innovation of the cricket.
We have the capital of the technology.
And we have nine billion new minds that will join us to work on the solution of great challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few decades of extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The price of the departure point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I'll give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1853.
You might believe that you would chase airplanes, but it didn't.
It actually collects fish.
And he described one of them as a common.
It was the best.
I was very fished to the 1880s.
Now the fish is in the Red list of the IUCN.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and elsewhere, so that doesn't have any special.
But the case is we still came to the Galapagos.
We still think they're pristine.
The brochures still say they're still intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept: the shift of the waist.
Because I was in 1971 studying a lagoon in Western Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate.
I burned a lot with the sun, and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The lagoon was surrounded by pills, and as you can see, from a few mangroves.
There was talking about 20 centimeters, the black beard thylacine.
And the weight of this tilapia was very abundant and I was going for a good time, so he won more than half in Ghana.
When I was there 27 years later, the number of fish had gone down to half.
They mature the five centimeters.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And fish were still happy to be there.
It's nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I went into the introduction of the drag fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, it started in the early 1970s, made a lot of development projects.
Now, the development of fishing was able to impose countries that have already 100,000 fishermen, to impose industrial fishing.
And this boat, quite ugly, was called the Mutantor 4.
I went out to fishing on it, and we did studies in southern China's South Sea, and especially in the Japan Sea.
What we captured was something that was boring.
Now, I know, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most fish are tiny blobs on a few of them, remains that are fish of coral reefs.
In summary, the sea fund came to the cover and then was thrown away.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then start fishing.
The bottom happens to be a solid background of soft coral, in this case, to be a driver.
This is a dead turtle.
They didn't eat them . They didn't eat them . They were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I wasn't still drowned.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what they collect fishermen every time they go to a zone where they've never fished.
But it's not documented.
We transformed the world, but we didn't remember it.
We adjust the party point, at the new level, without remembering what was there.
So, if we generalize this thing happens.
On the y-axis, we have good things: biodiversity, a number of the nose, the country of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images in the beginning of their own life as normal and extraordinarily extracting it forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the range of changes.
And at the end, I'll keep some miserable remains.
And that, largely, we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer, or not what they were.
But one should think that this problem affects people when the predator societies kill animals without knowing what they've done up to a few generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal which is very abundant, before extinction, is a little bit often.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose a few frequent animals.
Even if this is not perceived as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on the big animals, and in a dry sea of big fish.
They become little frequent because we caught them.
There are a few fish, but we think that's the point of departure.
And the question is, why do we accept this???
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, many people, scientists, question that it was very different.
And they'll do it because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they would expect to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of them come, like they captain such, and so many fish in this area cannot be used, or usually not using fishing scientists, because it's not "scientist."
So, we have a situation where people don't know the past, although we live in built societies, because they don't rely on the sources of the past.
So, the enormous role that can make a protected area.
Because with marine marine areas, we really remember the past.
We remember the past that people can't conceive because the point of departure has been running, and it's just low.
That's for people who can see a marine protected area, and they can benefit from the vision that they provide, which allows them to erase their point of departure.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the people in the Midwest, for example?
I think there's the arts, and the film may be able to fill the vacuum . simulation.
This is a simulation of Chesapeake Bay.
A long time ago there was gray whales in the Chesapeake Bay, 500 years ago.
And they will have noticed that nuances and touch are like "Avatar."
And if you think about "Avatar," if you think about why people are moving with the film, I'm not talking about the story of boxes why to move with images?
Because it involves something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recommendation, the only one to give, is to Cameroon, make "Avatar II" under the water.
Thank you very much.
Hi . I'm Kevin CallyB, the manager of YouTube trends, and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So we're going to see why the videos get viral and what importance is.
We all want to be stars: celebrities, singers, comedians -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very difficult.
But today, the web is making any of us, or our actions, is copper in a part of our world culture.
Anybody can be famous on the Internet in a sanctity.
Over 48 hours of video, you get up to YouTube for minute.
And, of course, just a small percentage is made viral, it takes infinite visits and won a lot of culture.
How does that happen?
Three things: trends of trends, sharing communities and surprise factors.
Well, let's start.
bless Vaccine: Oh, God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Ooh, wow!
KA: Last year, Beverly Voccollis published this video film outside of his home in the National Park.
In 2010, it was seven million times.
This graph shows the reproduction in the rise of popularity of the past summer.
Bernard is not just making a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double tie.
That's what you do if it's called Moshewia Muslim Berlin.
It had already published many videos of nature.
This video was published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Celsius.
Jimmy Limber published this tube that would catch the video to the popularity.
The creators of trends like Jimmy Kelley presented us and interesting things and divided to a wider audience.
Rebecca Black: It's Friday, Friday . You have to start the Friday, you all want to get the weekend, the weekend, Friday, Friday . KA: Don't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
"Friday" by Rebecca Black is one of the most popular videos of the year.
It was almost 200 million times this year.
This chart shows the frequency of use.
Just like "Air rainbow," this video seemed to have emerged from nowhere.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was true.
And if you ask for those other peaks, you're also Friday.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday?
Well, it took Tony and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael Jell Nelson, from Mister Science Theater, was one of the first people to make a joke about the video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that one person or a group of trend creators adopted a point of view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts to talk about that and do things.
And now there's 10,000 parody of "Friday" in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for every single day.
Unlike the average entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon by spreading it or doing something new with it.
"Nelson Catherine" is a repetitive animation with a music chord.
That's what it is.
This year you saw about 50 million times.
And if you think that's weird, you know that there is a three hours version that has been seen four million times.
So far cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But what's important here is the creativity I woke up between the Internet Internet community.
There were maximications.
Somebody made a version of the ancient.
And then it became international.
Suddenly, a whole community came up with a screening community that made this happen to be a dumb joke of what we can all be part of.
Because today we don't just enjoy, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like that?
Who might have predicted "Arctic rainbow" or Rebecca Barcley or "Nelson Cat"?
What would you have to have to do that I'm going to show you?
In a world where two days of video, just that really unique and unexpected that can be detected from the way that these things have done.
When a friend told me I had to see this great video of a guy who protests against the circles in New York City, I admit that I'm not too interested.
Casey Nine: I was moved by not circular, but there are often obstacles you are going to be addressed by the bike.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and your humor, Casey Newton made five million, and understand your idea.
So this approach is worth for all the new things that we do in a creative way.
And all this leads to a great question.
Big Vaccine: What does this mean?
Oh.
KA: What does this mean?
Trend creators, creative community communities, which is completely unexpected, are characteristics of a new kind of media, a new culture, which we all have access and the audience defines the popularity.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities of the world, Justin Bieber, started in YouTube.
They don't get permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit aware of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, it's barely about the current media, but they will define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that is still getting together.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece: a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a demand, a man whose entire life had supported in the unique hope of unity and freedom of his country.
Imagine it as the communications comes in the Sudan, addressing the fact that his life was totally in vain.
The words, for so long friends, now would make it.
It was reflected in silence.
He died by the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget her story.
My task was not to let that have been in vain, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to tell us, but we support it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat by dawn down quietly to the sea.
My mother, mom, was only 18 years old when her father died, and a marriage marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been destined to a task alone, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
He was uncontrollable for her that he couldn't do it.
And then of a four year-old track, which challenges the fiction, a boat was sliding into the declaration sea of fishing.
All the adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was pirates, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother was wearing a profile with poison.
If you caught us, we first took it to my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rate of the engine, the piece of the motor diving on each wave, and the horizon and a vacuum horizon.
I didn't remember the pirates that came in several times, but they were fooled with the joy of the men in our boat, or the engine dying and couldn't run for six hours.
But I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, finish the journey was too much for him, and the first apple he tried, given by the men in the platform.
No apple had after the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee field, we're drinking in Melbourne.
And the next piece of puzzle is about four women along three generations, shaping a new life together.
We set up in Boston, a class suburb would work whose population of immigrants.
Unlike the middle class suburbs, whose existence I discovered, in France, there was no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the fragments of the buried English were shocked between the people who had a common thing: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then in a car assembly line, working six days, double.
I found time to study English and get a degree in IT.
We were poor.
All dollars were allocated, and they set up an extra goal in English and mathematics, no matter what was supposed to be taken away, which was generally new clothes; it was always a second hand.
Two base pairs for school, one to hide the bones of the other.
A school uniform to the ankles, because I had to last six years.
And there were weird and painful sing on "rated eyes" and some graffiti, "Asian, come home."
Where?
Something in me was hardened.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that he said, "I'm going to overcome them."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted every night, but we told us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered fisheries, all of the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to get it down.
She opened up a computer shop, and then he studied to be static and opened another business.
And the women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition, angry and unfortunate, and traumatized kids trapped between two worlds.
We were looking for suicide and paradise.
They created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, and it was that I was just involved with what I demand from myself.
In the other, I was buried in practical lives, tragically assaulted by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many got help over the years.
And for that work, when I was studying my last year of anatomy, I was picked up the young year of the year.
And I was caught out of a piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
So I read, an anonymous president of Forcer, was now so Le Le, refugee and social activist, invited to talk on sites that I had never heard of, and in homes who she had never imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to remove the routine and the comfort of life in an iconic suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters ending the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling me about every single day and getting asleep, three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom who could not do it.
I remembered that I had the same age that she had when she got up on the boat.
The "no" had never been an option.
"Do," he said, "you don't be what you're not."
So I talked about juvenile and education and death to marginalized and depressed.
And the more frankly I talked, the more I was ready to speak.
I met people of all the roads of life, many of them doing what they loved, living on the border of possible.
And even though I finished my bachelor, I realized I couldn't stay in a laptop.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's fine to be a stranger, a newly arrived, new thing on the scene -- and not only it's okay, but it's something that's going to be grateful, maybe a ship of the boat.
Because it can easily be able to collapse the horizons, it can easily mean to accept the presumption of your province.
I gave enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world is sleeping, but not the way we fear.
possibilities they hadn't been allowed was really encouraged.
There was an energy there, an implant optimism, a rare mix of humility and bravery.
So I followed my intuition.
I went to a small group of people who the motto "can't be done" was an individual challenge.
For a year, we didn't have a penny.
At the end of every day, I made a giant wave of soup that we all shared.
We worked until the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant, and we opened.
I took the decision to move to the United States.
After a single journey.
My hunch again.
Three months later I had moved, and the adventure continued.
Before I finish, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up at a time where Consumer was social norm and the local Mandarin was the person that mattered.
Life hadn't changed for centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother grew it alone.
At 17, it became aware of a Mandarin whose mother hit her.
No support of his husband, they caused a return when they put it and take the cause herself, and much more return to it when I won.
It can't be done to be wrong.
I was in the shower in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died, one thousand miles in Melbourne.
I looked through the map of the shower and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to slow.
My mother called minutes later.
Day later, we went to a Buddhist temple at Ford, and we sat around her casket.
We tell him stories and we make sure that we were still with her.
At night, a monk came and told us I had to close the stage.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monkey, "Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold?"
"Because you have taken your hand from the morning," said.
"You haven't solved it."
If there is a nerves in our family, that leash through women.
Given who we were and how life formed us now can see that men who have come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have easily gone.
Now I want to have my own children, and I ask myself about the boat.
Who might wish that to you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a piece in your lives, you would remove it in every wave, the competitive rate of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could give it out and look at it, I would do it.
Sir Nensider and also Mother's mother is today here, in the fourth or fifth line.
My story starts in Rajasthan about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Sufi Scar Guilingo Ali.
We were talking about how nothing has changed from the time of ancient Indian Empire "The Mahabharata."
In those days, when Indians wanted to travel to a car and we broke the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time, when I ran, the big Indian warrior prince, he had thirst, he took a bow and with a fly on the ground, he gets water.
Now we do the same with drill and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that was a lot to me.
Every time I felt a little bit more technologically.
I was terrified by this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a goodbye if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't shoot it to my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not killing it.
As a girl, my grandfather gave me his little pocket pillar.
And this technical piece of 50 years was for my most magical thing.
It became an golden door to a world full of images, of pirate and father in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile clocks, luxury clock, and the cameras prevent you.
It was the inspiration of our inspiration.
That's why I graduated, and I brought this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
Take books since age 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a device of storytelling capable of connecting the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
I'll bring the text together with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
storytelling becomes more and more multinational.
But why do we feel that?
I'm about to release Booro, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "Put your fingers on every light."
And so, he says, "This box belongs to --" I write my name.
And so I'm a character of the book.
In a number of moments, I get a letter -- the iPad knows where you live to GPS -- which comes to me.
My inner girl is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons but to the magic magic, those ideas we open from children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar were always exciting to me.
So, over here, we need to incorporate the iPad to release fireflies.
And, really, you light your way into what you're in the book.
Another idea I was fascinated with was a little girl in a ball.
So here, every book and every world becomes a ball that I drag into this magical device, inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
In all fantasy books, there's always been maps, but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows, fruit and guide you for the rest of the book.
At certain point of the book, it also reveals.
Now I'm going to go into.
Another incredibly important aspect for me is to create Indian content and at a time contemporary.
These are the goats here.
We've all heard about the fairies and the children, but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts, would you get them?
These poor would have been trapped in the chambers of India for millennia, in an old, moist book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child.
In a story that deals with current issues as the environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems over the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked, put to their PCs, haven't come to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our kids into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections: sticks, stones, screaming and shells.
For some reason kids don't do it.
So to recover this ritual of childhood, you have to go out and, on a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then tag it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So you create a digital collection of photos that you can then put on the Web.
A kid in London puts a picture of a fox and says, "Oh, I saw a fox."
A child in India says, "Today, I saw a monkey."
And this kind of social network is created around a collection of digital photos that have been taken.
Within the connections of connection between magic, Earth and technology there are many possibilities.
In the next book, we plan to have an interaction where you come out with the iPad and the video, and you see it, and you see a group of cartoons that appear on the interior plants of the house.
At a moment the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to do the sound sound and blow it to be able to read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where nature forces are intertwined with technology and magic and technology comes close to each other.
We harness the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves in the natural world and that magic, joy and child, that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk about why a lot of bike projects fail.
And I think, really, that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the Radio University was to hold up a director of hearing.
And not in a very scientific way, she took a little cup of coffee or tea, and I asked patients, family and met, what happens?"
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think, that this is one of the biggest problems for what everybody, or maybe not all, but most of the health projects fail, because we stop listening.
This is my former Wikipedia . It's very simple.
It has a pen of turn up and off.
Every morning I get up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilograms.
But it's so simple, that every time I got connected, I emailed Google Health.
And my doctor's doctor has access to him as well . So, he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time when he needs cardiology or some urgency of that style, but to see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
Like some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I'm connected to my wonderful Wikipedia, and before I climb my car, people start talking, "Listen, today I think you need a light lunch."
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's the pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together to develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week being available.
This little biomass connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people will, from their homes, to take their blood pressure, send it to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
So this is the point where patients assume a position, they bring back to control and be captains of their own boat, but it can also help us to health care because of the challenges that we face, as the firing of demand care and other issues.
To make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And they can do it with techniques like these, but also through recording.
And one of the things we did wanted to share with you with a video.
We all have connection control in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the ATM machines are in math.
And also where all the gasoline is.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the nearest CEO to help this patient??
Ask, but no one I know.
No one knew where to get the CEO to save lives right now.
So what we did was we did results in the Netherlands.
We grew up a website, and we asked the audience to say, "If you see a Department, please send it," you know, tell me where, and when it's open, you're going to open in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 degrees were already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the app for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Lake, which is augmented, to find these Desision.
And every time you're in the city of Pakistan and someone collapses, you can use your iPhone, and you can use your next few weeks to use your Microsoft cell to find the nearest breakfast, which can save life.
And from today, I would like to introduce this one, not just like Defenserve Four, which is the name of the product, but as well as DERPO.
And we'd like to start globally.
We're having all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find, work and act like a center for the results of the Edinburgh world.
Every time you're of vacation and someone collapses, it can be a relative or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value.
It might be a message service or a phone service, for example, to see if the Department is shown is still in place.
Please, help in this and not only improve health, but taking control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share a photograph.
Or is it photography?
Because of course, they're photographs that cannot take with their cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
I mixed with my previous passion by drawing, but it was a little bit different because when I used the camera, the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends when you press the driver.
For me, the photograph had more to be in the right place at the point.
It seemed like anybody could do it.
And so I wanted to create something different, a process that I would start by the pressure.
photos like this: a construction on a very transparent career.
But it has an unexpected twist.
And despite it, it keeps a level of reality.
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful at once but with the common goal of keeping the level of realism.
And when I say realistic, I say photos.
Because of course, it's not something that I can capture, but I always want it to have been captured in some way as a photograph.
photos where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It's more to do with capturing an idea that with capturing a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them real?
Are you details or colors?
Does the light intervene??
What creates illusion?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective.
But the end is about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive it in a two-dimensional surface.
It's not really about whether it's realistic, but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and we put them together to create an alternative reality.
So let me show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imaginative objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way can create something that still seems three-dimensional -- as if it's.
But at the same time, we know that it doesn't exist.
So we deceive the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining photographs.
It's actually combining different realities.
And the things that make a picture look like, I think, is that we don't even think, the things around us in our everyday life.
But by combining photographs, it's very important to consider it, because otherwise something is going wrong.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Secondly, combined photos must have the same kind of light.
And these two images hit with these requirements; they were taken at the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make a difference at the beginning and end of the different images with a perfect joint.
It has to be impossible to see where the image was.
This is another example.
I might think that this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places.
In the personal thing, I think it's easier to create a place that you find because you don't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew I had several months to clarify it, to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
The costs are from a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a stone pump.
And yes, I even did red at the top of the island, so that it would look more Swedish.
So to get a realistic result, I think it takes planning.
It always starts with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here every piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job when you take the picture, the result can be very beautiful and very realistic.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide about technology, very boring.
Please, if you can put it ...
It's a diagram that I took from a letter.
I'm not so interested in showing the details, it's the general aspect.
It's about a analysis that we were doing about the power of the Greek McChilaries versus the power of local areas.
What's interesting about this is that this, like many other people we tend to see, is kind of a straight line in a logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step of here represents a order of magnitude in the scale of performance.
To talk about technological curves is a new thing.
Here's something weird.
And that's exactly going to talk.
Please turn up the lights.
I would need more intensity because I would write on paper.
Why do we grow technological curves in logarithmic scales?
The answer is, if I draw them in a normal curve in which, say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to thank, the diagram would see something ridiculous.
It would be like that.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if I plot, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a seismic curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something happens like this, it gives a qualitative change.
If the technology of the transportation would go as fast as the microscope, we could take a taxi machine, and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move on that pace.
There are no precedent in the history of the technological development of a feedback that every few years forward of magnitude.
So the question I want to ask is -- looking at these exponential curves, we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as as quickly as it goes.
It's going to happen one of two things.
Or you'll become a typical curve I know like this until something completely different, or maybe I'll do something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
From being like that, we would now be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we are on a transition of what used to be the world, to a new shape.
So what I'm trying to ask, and ask me, is, what is that new way that we embrace the world?
How new state is the world run?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're immersed in it.
I remember as a child the future happened in 2000, and people used to talk about what's going on in 2000.
This is a conference that people talk about the future and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's everything we see.
In other words, the future has shrunk, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening.
So we can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it will all be so different than extrapolate what we're doing today is no sense.
So I want to talk about how it might be, how it could be that transition that we experience.
But to do that, I would have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at long-term things.
The time scale I'd like to do it is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So, we went back about a billion years when the Earth was a large sterile rock with many chemicals that were flying around.
If we see the way that we organize those chemicals, we give a sense of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA . I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is, at that point, it had floating up some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those oil droplet came up with a particular combination of chemicals that made them massive materials from the outside, and so the drops grew up.
They started to divide.
And in a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil droplet.
But those drops weren't alive, in the current sense, because each one of them had a random chemical record.
And every time they were divided, they started an unequal distribution of the chemicals that they contain.
That's why every shot was a little bit different.
In fact, the mountains that somehow would be differentiated by being better at incorporating the surrounding chemicals; they grew more, including more chemicals and divide more.
They usually lived, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things got interesting when these drops learned the trick of abstraction.
In some ways we don't understand very well these parasites learned to store information.
They learned to take information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked on this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were to be able to replicate.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved two billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living being is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here, I have 100 microscopes of white dust that tries to hide the airport people.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use on this -- and I wrote my personal data on this DNA snippet, and I piled it 10 to 22 times.
So if anyone wants 100 million copies of my personal card, I have many for all the present, and in fact, for every person in the world and it's here.
If it was a church, it would have put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy to be happy another billion years.
But then another great step step happened in which things became very different, and it was that these cells started sharing and communicating information forming this cell community.
I don't know if you know it, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So, for example, they evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin, and they were abandoned to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many resistant residents, because bacteria are communicating.
This communication gave place to form communities that were in a way, in a way, and they set up a synergies.
And that way they survived or fail together, and that if a community was very successful all the individuals in that community, all the individuals of that community became more involved in.
And the point of inflection happened when these communities came so much that, in fact, they came together and decided to write the entire community receptor in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage we have multi-to-tank communities, communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multinational community.
We have a lot of cells that are no longer acting.
The skin cell doesn't serve the heart, or the muscle, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These began to absorb information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than process information in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that are the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community, being responsible to regenerate, understand and convey information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism, not the evolutionary time period.
So, a organism could, for example, learn how to eat a certain fruit, because he knew wrong and she was sick the last time he eats.
That could occur during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system built those information structures enormously the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual.
It could happen in time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, the individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have an idea very complicated, a vague, in your head.
I'm sitting here by emitting a few groups, and hopefully building a similar, vague and confusing idea, in your head that holds some analogy with the mine.
But we take something very complicated, we turn it into sound, in sound sequences, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That's now allowed to start working as a organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to perform abstractions.
Now, we went through periods like molecular organisms; we abstract our methods of record, presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a small step in that direction.
The phone, the computer, the glass tape, the CDC and so on . It's the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that makes us much bigger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds.
You've already seen the evolutionary example of you in which I produced some evolution with the Computer program, in front of our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of the story I told you took a billion years every one.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred years.
The next, the language, the language, were less than a million years.
And the next ones, like electronics, seems to be just a few decades.
The process is failed; I suppose that alternative is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we look at in this explosion of the curve.
We see that the process is feedback.
But I won my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I use to design them would not be possible without the recent computer advances.
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know that every transistor in that machine of connections.
There are billions.
And instead, with the Philip Machine designers, we think about a level of abstraction, we put it into the machine and the machine with that doing something that you couldn't do, it gets much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes it's methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method, which I've been using lately, is the evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microseconds.
And, for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from an random sequence of instructions.
We said, "Please computer, can you run a hundred million sequence sequences?
Could you execute these sequences of random instructions, execute all of those programs, and take those who are more susceptible to what we want to do?"
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's a little bit likely that some random sequences of instructions, the number of things, so none of them did.
But one, luckily, could put two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Computers, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that do the best?
Let's take those and remove the rest.
And now we reproduce the best numbers.
And we go back into a process of analog recognition to sex."
So let's take two programs, and you get children, which you exchange underwater, and kids will inherit the properties of both programs.
So we've got a new generation of producing programs that had a little more success.
And we say, "Please repeat the process."
It grades again.
It plays some mutations.
And it tries again and replicate with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So, I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or, in complicated cases, in a few hours.
In the end, we ended up with programs that order numbers in a perfectly perfect way.
In fact, it's much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark, strangers.
But they turned the comet.
In fact, I know, I'm sure that you get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives depend on making it.
I was going to once go in a 747 with Marilyn Ming, and he goes a card and he says, "Look at this.
He says, "This airplane has hundreds of thousands of particles working together to offer a safe flight ." Don't you feel quiet?"
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make design processes well different.
And that allows us to produce more complex things than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand the whole choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to do a much faster computers, and so we can execute these programs much more quickly.
Anyway, it feeds.
That's getting faster and faster, and that's why I think it seems so confusing.
Because all of these technologies are fed.
We're fighting.
And we are at a moment of analog to the single-celled organisms when they became multi-toucher.
We are the amoeba, and we can't understand what the heck we're creating.
We are at the point of inflection.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant to think that we are the ultimate product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of creating whatever it is to come.
But now I see the lunch, and I think I'll stop here before you get me.
I think we need to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've exercise the time enough to allow some of my fake practice on that.
Before I treat my talk, we talk a little baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end, it's about the World Series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's just because of the rules, you're going to talk about statistics and use them to form a great baseball team.
I'm going to focus on one of them, and I hope that many of you are.
It's called battery average.
And we're talking about 300, from a battery that kills 300.
That means that the baseball is effectively drawn, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game of the game without being caught, and anybody who tries to launch the first base, doesn't get in time, and the second foundation will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
You know what you call a $300 battery?
Well, really well, maybe the team of stars.
You know how they call a $400 baseball platform?
By the way, that's somebody who is 10 hits, it's four.
logistics -- like the legendary Ted Williams player, the last Major League player in baseball to execute more than 400 hits in a regular season.
Now, let's bring this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable, or maybe less awkward, after I'll tell you today.
Suppose you have apps and you're derived to a surgeon who also have a $400 record.
It doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place, and a loved being, you have two forced coronary arteries, and your family's doctor is defined by a cardiologist whose record in angiogenesis is 200.
But do you know something?
She's getting better this year.
And their failures have been 25.
This is not working.
But let me ask you.
What do you think that it should be the average of a heart surgeon, or orthopedic or a nurse or a biological blockage?
Ten, very good.
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in medicine knows the effects of a good surgeon, a doctor or a mate.
What we do, however, is to send them into the world, and it included me, with the mandate of being perfect.
That never, ever, they eat a mistake and worry about how to do well.
That was the message that I absorbed when I was in medicine school.
I was a computer obsessed student.
One time, a partner in high school said that Brian Gold was studied until a blood exam.
Like.
I studied in my little decline, in the nursing of General General in Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
From my anatomy class, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branch of every art that comes out of the stream, the diagnostic and non-lethal diagnosis.
And I even knew the differential diagnosis about how to classify kidney tube.
And as well as as much and more knowledge.
And I was very well; I graduated with honor.
And you get out of the school of medicine with the impression that if I memorized everything, then I would know everything, or most possible, close to everything, because this is what I am from mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mrs. Robicsek.
I was a college hospital here in Toronto when they brought to the error of the emergency service where I worked.
At that time, I was assigned to service.
And when I was emergency to get to a cardiologist, I would take care of that patient.
It will inform the chief of residents.
When I saw the lady crossing, I was paid.
I heard a smart sound.
And when I suggested it, I heard a broken sound in both sides, which was a congestion heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pumping the blood forward, the blood goes to the lungs, these are filled with blood, and that's why there's a difficulty breathing.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose.
I did it, and I got to work on treatment that would give him.
He gave him aspirin and medication to alleviate pressure in his heart.
He gave him features, water pills, so she could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And it was when he made the first mistake; he sent her back home.
Actually, I made two more errors.
He sent him to his house without talking to the chief of residents.
I didn't wear the phone, I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and comfort him to see him.
And if my boss would have seen it, I would have been able to get a complex information.
Maybe I did for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident who takes constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When you send it home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my gut who said to me, "Goldman, it's not a good idea . Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that I asked the nurse who took care to Mr. dramatic, "Do you think it's okay if you go to your house?"
And the nurse thought, and then he said, "Yes, I think I'll be okay."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So, I signed the high, and the ambulance together with the doctors took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad presence in the stomach.
But I went on with my work.
At the end of the day, I package to leave the hospital and walked into the parking room where I was my car to go home . I did something that I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service of the road.
And there's another nurse, not the one that's taken from Mr. Dragon before, but another . He told me three words, those three words that most emergency doctors fear.
Other specialists also fear them, but there is an emergency particles, and it's that we see the patients fluidited.
The three words are: Do you remember?
"Do you remember the patient who sent home?"
I asked the other nurse with nature.
"Well, she came back," with the same ton of voice.
She was good.
But I went back and on the verge of death.
By an hour of a time, he came to his house, after I would give her the high, and he had a collapse and his family called 911 -- the families brought them to emergency with a crack pressure of 50 meters from Hawaii, which means a severe shock.
I just waited and was blue.
The emergency staff took all of their resources.
They gave him medication to climb the art pressure.
And they had an artificial breath.
I was shocked, and I was excited to the spinal cord.
He had a mixture of feelings because after they were in an intensive therapy, and he was hoping against all hope to recover.
And in the two or three days, it was obvious that I would never wake up.
He had an irreversible brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they resisted to what was happening.
And the ninth day, they let her go . Mrs. Rejection, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names of those who die.
That was my first experience.
The next few weeks, I was struck by that and experienced for the first time the malware shame that exists in our medical culture and sat only, isolated, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil shame that I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one one that we did was wrong, but we're bad.
And that felt.
And it wasn't by my boss; he was a love.
I talked with the family, and I'm sure I'm sure the things, and I'm sure that I didn't give me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss? Why did she send her home?
And in my worst moments, why made a mistake mistake?
Why chose medicine?
Little by a little bit, that feeling was spread.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, the sky was opened and finally came out the sun . And I wondered if I feel better again.
And I did a deal with me, where if I dropped the efforts to be perfect to don't make more mistakes, I would take those voices.
And it was.
I went back to work.
But it turned back.
Two years later, it was help in the emergency department in a community hospital in Northern Toronto, and I got a 20-year-old man with a pain in the throat.
And I was very busy.
He pointed here.
I observed his throat, I was a little colorful.
I grew up penicillin and sent it home.
But as he went to the door, she kept his throat.
Two days later, when I was going to do my guard change, my boss asked to talk to me in his office.
And I produced the three words: You get you?
Did you remember the patient who saw a pain in the throat?
Well, he came back and didn't have a skeletal factory.
He had a potentially fatal condition called electrodes.
You can find it in Google . It's a infection, not from the throat, but it's the upper air, and that can cause the close of those tracks.
He's fortunately not passed.
She got antibiotics, and he got introducted, and he recovered to the few days.
And they went through the same period of shame and reports, and I got it up and I went back to work, until it happened over and over again.
Twice in the same turn of urgency, not a diagnosis.
And it's a big effort, especially working in a hospital, because it's going to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a struggle.
One of them thought he had a kidney calculation.
They order an X-ray of kidneys, but it turned out to be normal . A colleague that was checking a certain sensitivity in the lower right and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
And I asked my colleague to check it out.
I checked it up, and when you notice some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant, I called the surgeon.
They were both operated and they recovered well.
But every case I was shocked, I was shocked.
But I would like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a question.
The most meaningful ones have been over the last five years.
Only, embarrassed and without support.
And here's the problem: if I can't free and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the touch that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach this to don't eat the same mistakes?
If I go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course, in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you don't listen to someone talking about your own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a trailer in my hospital took the wrong leg, believe me that it would have difficulties to look at it in the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of the errors.
It's the system that there are two positions: the ones that make mistakes and those of you who can't sleep and the ones that you do -- those who have cost outcomes and the ones that have great results.
And it's almost like a ideological reaction, as antibodies that start attacking that person.
We have the idea that if we turn out from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will get a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of difference and medical journalism, I've made a personal study of bad medical practice and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Toronto State to my program, "White City, Black Art."
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous.
We work in a system in which the mistakes happens every day, in which one in every 10 drugs ready in hospital are wrong, or depression is not right . In a system in which intercultural infections are increasingly, and more numerous, providing chaos and death.
In this country, they die 24 billions of preventable medical mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000.
In both cases, it's about gross puzzles, because we're not discovering the problem as we should.
And so there are things.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't update.
The sleep of the dream's dream.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow a perfect history of a patient with pain on the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain on the chest, it comes crazy with crying eyes, and with alcohol, and all of a sudden, my story is addressed.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot; I don't do things like that.
And my patients are not cars . They don't watch their symptoms always in the same way.
So, the errors are inevitable.
So, if we took the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professionals that are processed to error, good, no one.
And with it, people don't want to talk about their older cases?
In my program, "white glow, black art," is already a grave to say, "This is my worst mistake ." I would say to everybody from the physicians to the heart of heart surgery, "What is my worst mistake," blah, blah, blah -- "What are your mistakes?" And I would turn the microphone into
And their students would stop, they would go back, they would drop their head and they would bring saliva and they would start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You can say, "Look, don't eat the same mistake."
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefine physician is human, human knows, accepted it, and it's not proud of its mistakes, but it's effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
I share your experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It sits the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in a kind of loving and support and support for everybody's benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes every time.
My name is Brian Goldberg.
I'm a redefine doctor.
I'm a human, a mistake.
And I'm sorry, but I'm forced to learn something that can convey others.
I don't know what you think of me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
You know how many decisions take a day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I recently did a survey to over 2,000 people and the average amount of choice that says to pick a middle American, are about 70 a day.
It doesn't do very much, in a research, they kept on a week to a group of business presidents.
Researchers recorded the different tasks of these executives and the time they used to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, on average, they took 1.3 jobs per week.
Now, natural, every job has a lot of imagination.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
Do you know how many of the minutes of nine minutes, and how many of you?
How do you grade the way that you make those decisions?
Today, I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of today: choose before the options.
I want to talk about the problem and a few possible solutions.
While I'm talking about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand alone if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when I ask a question, if your answer is positive per favor.
And now my first question of the day is: Are you ready to hear about the problem of options?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, I was facing this very, very high supermarket supermarket, at least at that time it was very sophisticated.
It was called Dr.'s.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar, over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of water, and this was when we take water from the faucet.
I loved going to that shop, but at one point I asked myself, why didn't I buy anything?
This is the olive oil oil.
They had more than 75 different classes, including those who were on sealed box who came from millennials.
I once decided to visit the manager, and I said, "Does this work well this strategy of offering all these options?"
He pointed me the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with his cameras.
We decided to do a small experiment with them.
hallway.
They had 34 different kinds.
We looked at a post to go and go, right to the entrance of the shop.
So we put it out there by six tastes, or 24 different flavors, and we looked at two things: First, what were people willing to be willing to stop trying to do?
More people stopped when there was 24, 60 percent, when there were only six, 40 percent.
We also look at what case they were more likely to buy a stroke.
So here's the opposite effect.
Of the ones who stopped when there was 24, only three percent came to buy.
Of those who stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought.
If we do the calculations, people have six times more likely to buy up if they found six, that if they found 24.
Well, decide that we don't buy it, we're probably a good thing to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of choice overload affects us in good decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't get us.
Now the theme of the day: financial savings.
I'm going to describe you a study that I did with Bob Hurservail, Erry Kama and Wei Janger, where we see the decisions on savings for the retirement of a million Americans, between about 650 plans in this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of fund offers available in savings plans available in savings plans, the 401 program, the management of people to save for the future.
And we discovered that there was actually a correlation.
We had 56 plans that went from two, to 59 different options.
And we found that the higher the number of funds offered, there were less participation.
So, if you look at the extremes, you see that in the plans that offer two funds, the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as it would be.
And in the plans that offer about 60 funds, the participation rate went down to the 50th percentile.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So, for those of you who decided to participate, the bigger the number of options was, more people were unable to avoid the actions or the investment funds.
When there were more options, they were more willing to invest in financial terms of market.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three major negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is to make the decision, which is going to take it even when this goes against the interest.
They're more likely to make the worst decisions; in finance and health.
They're more likely to pick up less satisfying things, even though they're getting better.
The main reason is that we take to look at that giant variety of massive, mustard, wine and marketing, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare, contract and choose from that impressive exhibition.
Today I want to give you four simple techniques that we've worn on, in a way or another, in different research, so that they can test in their business.
The first one is Court.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, that less is more.
People always bother when I say, "Cut."
They worry about losing space on the ground.
But actually, what we're seeing increasingly is that if you decide to cut, get away from weird redundant options, there will be an increase in sales, bring the costs, there's a better experience in the election.
When I went out of 26 different types of Head & Sharanzan to 15, you saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Goldman Color Corporation called the products for cats of cats that were less sold, they grew up in 87 percent, for two causes: older sales and lower costs.
You know that today's supermarkets, on average offer 45,000 products.
In a Walmart store, you give 100,000 products.
But the ninth largest store in the world is Alect and offers only 1,400 products; a kind of tomato sauce.
In the world of financial savings, I think that one of the best examples that have emerged on how to make the choices better is David Labbitory's plant, the Harvard program.
All Harvard employees are automatically engaged to a safe fund of life.
You really want to choose, you give them 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know, the people say, "I don't know how to cut.
They're all important options."
The first thing I do is ask employees, "Tell me the differences that are between those choices.
And if their employees can't difference, they will not make their customers."
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking with Gary.
He told me that I would be willing to offer the people in this audience, a few empty vacation to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave you a few seconds to read, and then I want you to give an applause if you're ready to take the Gary's office.
(Not applause) Okay . Any one who's ready to accept the offer.
Don't you?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew that there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey??
I think that I actually hit to hear more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round, which in the second, but I can help and say that they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of choice.
So that people understand differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and that the consequences have to feel very vividly, very concrete.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when you use debit cards or credit, which when you use effective?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out to make it more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
So we did a study with "The Boline Venter and President Voide," on the personnel of the operating NGO who worked in INCRA, and these people were in a meeting where they were moving into a 401 plan.
To that meeting, that we looked at exactly how it was used, we did a little addition.
What we added was that we asked the staff to think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this prison, there was an increase in 20 percent attacking and an increase in the amount that were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings accounts, four percent.
The third technique is Casey.
We can handle more categories than choices.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hallway.
We saw that at the supermarket Regulators, it's across the northeast running, the exhibition of magazines can contain from 33 different types to 646.
But, you know?
Because the classification tells me how to difference.
These are two jewelry exhibitions.
One is called "Java" and the other, "Symbell."
If you think the one on the left is Shah and the one on the right is Jack, they have a pat.
So, there are some.
If you think the one on the left is jazz, and the one on the right is Shirley, they give a paleontologist.
Well, something else.
It turns out that it's right.
The one on the left is Jupiter and the one on the right is Sweden . But do you know something?
This classification scheme is totally useless.
The categories have to indicate something to whom I choose, not what it defines.
You can often see this problem with these huge fundraising lists.
Now, who are you reporting?
My fourth category: Contradiction.
It turns out that we can manage a lot more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a very complicated decision, and it bought it from a car.
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allow you completely.
You have to take 60 decisions, to build the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that give each one.
Color, outside color . I have 54 possibilities.
engine, company, four choices.
What I'm going to do is vary the order where decisions appear.
So half the customers are going to go from many options, 56 colors, a few, four boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few options, four boxes, 56 colors, many choices.
And what am I going to look at?
How much involved you are.
If you reach the button, you have a decision in every decision, this indicates that they're overwhelmed, it's: we are losing them.
We found that the ones who go from a lot of options to a few, opens the button by the difference over and over and more.
We lose them.
If you go from a few options to many, you continue there.
Same information, the same number of choices.
The only thing I did was to alter the order where information is presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn to pick.
Although the box of changes doesn't say anything about the preferences of interior disappointment, we all prepare to choose.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more hooked with the process.
To summarize.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the choice of choices: cutting, eliminating strange alternatives; concrete, making it real -- classify, we can handle more categories with less choice; to consider complexity.
All of these techniques that I've introduced you to were designed to help drive alternatives, or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who serve.
It's that I think the key to get the best of an election is being careful by picking.
And the more carefully we are in our choices, we can actually practice the art of choosing.
Thank you very much.
In the '80s, in the communist East Germany, if you had a typewriter of writing, you had to record it in the government.
I had to record a piece of text text written with the machine.
And this so the government could trace the origin of text.
If you find a writer with the wrong message, you could trace the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't conceive that somebody could do this, so much that this would limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer of any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having some printed yellow dots on every page that makes them themselves from one and his printer.
That's happening to us today.
And no one looks like a lot of it.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems on the network.
If we look at what happens in the world online, we can get the attacks on the attacks.
There are three main groups.
There are cyber.
Like Mr. Dimitri Gold in the city of Kiev, in Ukraine.
The mobile phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cyberattacks to earn a lot of money, they're smart.
There are really many cases of millions online, multi-to-tanks, they gain money with their attacks.
This is Valley Texas, from Tom, Estonia.
This is Alfred Grounds.
This is Stephen Watt.
This is Britney Sweden.
These are Matthew Anderson, Amy Alliance, etc., etc.
These guys do their fortunes online, but they do it by illegal means using banks to steal money from our bills when we were online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy an infected computer.
The secret of America, two months ago, froze the Swiss account of this gentleman, Sam Jain, and this account had 1.2 million dollars when he was frozen.
Mr. Jain's slow -- it's unknown.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us are victims of a crime than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is bad at worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks in importance that we look at today is not moving through money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions, they motivate laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have declined in the last 12 months by occupying a role in the line attacks.
Those three main ancestors: the criminals that do it for money, hackers like Anonymous who are doing it to protest and the last group are the government states that attack.
And then we see cases like digestion.
That's a good example of government attack against its own citizens.
To digest is a certified authority of the Netherlands, or actually it was.
He declared the top the last fall because of a limit.
They broke the safety of the site and they noticed a cyberspace.
Last week, I asked, in a meeting with the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they were planning the death of people because of the car attack.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die because of an attack of these?
To digest is a certified authority.
They sell certified.
Why do you serve the certificate?
Well, you need if you have a website with the outliers, you have self-esteem services, SETI services, services like Gmail.
Except to intercept foreign certified authority.
And they emit conflicting certified.
And in the case of digesting happened exactly that.
And what about the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt?
Well, in Egypt, protesters hit the headquarters of the secret police police in April 2011 and during the forest of the building, they found a lot of papers.
And among those papers was this letter called HIV/AIDS.
And within that folder, there were notes of a firm company in Germany who had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept the communication of the citizens of the country.
They had sold this tool for 200,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The power of the company is right here.
I mean, Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But the Western governments are also doing this themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, it came up with the rainforests, which was called by the German government officers to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interested.
But today it goes further.
The Internet connection is broken.
They're going to use even tools like the Science Theater to infect our computer with a territory to allow us to see all the communication, and listen to online discussions, to get our data.
When you think about things like this, the obvious answer should be, "Well, it seems bad, but it's actually not affecting me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why would we worry?
I have nothing to hide."
And that argument doesn't make sense.
There's privacy.
Privacy is not arguing.
It's not a matter of privacy against safety.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right we're going to get today, it will be forever.
Are you blindly confident in any future government, in a management that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live in Kenya, in the southern part of Nairobi National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, at the bottom, and behind the cows, the National Park of Nairobi.
Nairobi National Park has no close to the most part of the south, which means that wild animals like charters migrate freely outside of park.
And predators, like lions, follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our livestock.
This is one of the ones who killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning, and we found it dead, I felt very bad because it was the only bull we had.
My community, the masses, we believe we come from the sky with our animals and all the land to get paid, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up helping the lions a lot.
They are warriors that protect our community and livestock, and they are also upset with the problem.
So kill lions.
This is one of six lions who killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there are so few in the National Park of Nairobi.
A child in my community, in the age of six at nine, is responsible for her father's cattle, and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions gave them fear.
But I realized that I actually didn't serve, because it even helped the lions to see the ground.
I didn't laugh . I continued.
A second idea was to use a spaghetti.
He tried to take the lions to believe that he was near the stage.
But lions are very smart . They came the first day, and they saw the Spanish, and they were, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here . So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night was walking around the stage with an torch, and that day the lions didn't come.
He discovered that lions are afraid of light that moves.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch with which I'm going to learn and turn the lights.
And this is a little broken flashlight.
I throw everything.
As you can see, the solar cell load the battery, and the battery will supply the electricity to the little indicator box . I call it a transformative.
And the indicator box makes lights stop.
As you can see, the light bulb goes out, because that's where the lions comes from.
And that's how you see it when you see it when you come at night.
The lights and they give the lions to think that I'm walking through the stage, but I'm sleeping on my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had a problem with the lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed him a lot of animals, and he asked me if he could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put them . You can see the bottom, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're running a lot.
And my idea is also used now across Kenya, to show other predators like hyenas, seals, and it's also used to escape elephants.
Thanks to this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brook International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funds and awareness.
I even brought my friends to my community and we installed lights in the homes that don't have them, and I teach you how to put them.
So, one year ago, I was just a child in the squares of the savanna saving my father's cows, and I used to see airplanes, and I would say that one day would be inside of one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to be an engineer of aviation and pilot when it grows.
I used to hate the lions, but now as my invention is saving my dad's cows and the lions, we can be with the lions without any conflict.
And it's flat . What in my tongue means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So I get a scholarship . Richard Turk: Yeah.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's next on your list?
RB: My next invention is -- I want to do an electrical . CA: A close electric?
RD: I know you've already invented the electric fences, but I want to do mine.
CA: So I try it once, right? And you -- RT: I've tried it before, but because I got a warm . CA: On the cannon . Richard tourists, you're big.
We're going to encourage you in every step that you go, my friend.
Thank you very much . RM: Thank you very much.
When I was small, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
I grew up singing a song called "No Notion."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we were spending all the time studying the story of Kim Indian, but we never learned a lot from the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan is the enemies.
But sometimes I was asked about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my entire life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor and myself had never happened hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from my sister.
It said, "When you read this, the five family members will stop in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last two weeks.
We're packed together in the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we're ready to die."
I was very clear.
It was the first time I heard people were suffering in my country.
When I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't delete my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a child hidden in his arms looking at her mother's face without doing anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very worried about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine to Northern Korea in the middle of the 1990s.
At the end, over a million North Koreans died during hunger and just a few survived, insects and tree cortex.
They were also made more and more often, the energy cuts, all around me, I was completely dark at night except by sea lights in China, just crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a salary picture of North Korea at night compared with neighbors.
This is the Arctic River, which is a limit between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very old at certain points, enabling Koreans to cross secretly.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating on the river.
I can't reveal the details of the North Korea, but I can only say that over the years of famine was sent to China to live with distant relatives.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined I would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea how life was like Norden refugee.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the Arab refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be replaced to a horrible destination back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare was actually made, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and introduced me in the police station.
Somebody had accused me for being a Narrow, so they looked at my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
He was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to exploit.
If it didn't look natural, it could be embraced and reported.
I thought my life was going to finish.
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions.
At the end of the interrogation, a officer told another, "This was a false report . She's not a storyteller."
And they let me go . It was a miracle.
Some norths in China seeking asylum in foreign ambassadors.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and down.
These women were very lucky.
Though they had captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These Koreans didn't get too lucky.
Every year, countless Koreans are captured in China and sports to North Korea, where they're tortured, angry or executed.
Though I was lucky to escape, many other storytellers haven't had so much luck.
It's tragic that Koreans have to hide their identity and fight that hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of their world can dive in an instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to breathe going to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
To hold South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected.
The English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a great gap between North and South.
We are all Korean, but inside, we've come to be very different because of 67 years of divide.
It even takes an identity crisis.
Am I surfing or North?
Where am I? Who am I??
Suddenly, there was no country that could call my pride of mine.
Although to take my life in South Korea was not easy, I made a plan . I started studying for the University.
Right when I was starting to adapt to my new life, I got a call.
North Korean authorities intercept a little bit of money that sent my family, and as a punishment, my family was going to be displaced to the force at the outside.
They had to flee immediately.
I started to plan how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China, and I loved to the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow, for more than 3,000 kilometers through China, and then across the South Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and almost we were caught a few times.
Our bus was stopped and addressed by an officer of Chinese police.
He asked the identification of everyone, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, I couldn't stand up and told him that they were surprising people who were playing.
I looked at me honestly, but fortunately I believe me.
We did all the way to the Lagos border.
But I had to spend almost all of my money to bribe border guards in Lagos.
But even after spending the border, my family was arrested and threatened to cross the border illegally.
After I was paying multiple and bribes, my family was released in a month.
But in the time, my family was arrested and imprisoned again in the Law capital.
This was one of the lowest dots in my life.
I did everything for free my family, and we were so close, but my family was arrested in prison prison from the embassy of the South Korea.
I came and came in between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to release my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or tickets.
I lost the hope.
At that point, or the voice of a man ask, "What's the problem?"
I was so surprised that a stranger would care.
With my English poor and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and no doubt, the man was to the ATM, and he gave me the rest of money for my family and for two other Koreans and taking them out of prison.
I thank you with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do you help me?"
"I'm not helping," he said.
"I'm helping the North town."
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The friendly symbolic symbolizes a new hope for me, and for the Korean people, when we need it.
And I showed that the goodness of the unknown community and support of the international community are really the hope rays that the North village needs.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But to achieve their freedom is only half the battle.
Many North Koreans are separated from their families, and when they go up to a new country, they start with little or nothing.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, practice of English language, and more.
We can also act as bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because a lot of us are in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from inside.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help NOAA an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North that will succeed around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Central.
This is Central South: school stores, fast food, soft terrain.
So the city planners came together and thought, let's change the name of South Central to represent something else, so they changed it to L.A., as if this is going to fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is Los Angeles South Angeles . Scripts stores, fast food, soft terrain.
Like 29 million other Americans, living in a food desert, Los Angeles Central Center, home of food places to bring and eat in the car.
The funny thing is that the food places to carry out more people than food in the car.
People are dying from cure diseases in the Los Angeles Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times older than, say, Beverly Hills, which is like 15 miles away.
I'm tired to see that this happens.
And I wonder, how would they feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you get home, you see the damaging effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood?
I see chairs of compared wheels and sold as cars used.
I see centers of dialogue fluiding like Starbucks.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
And I've already been tired of driving 40 minutes of life and back to buy a apple that doesn't have pesticides.
What I did, it was planting a food forest in front of my house.
In a patch of land we call a garden.
It's about 45 meters.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what I'm coming in, because it's my responsibility, and I have to keep it."
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Green Greenson, we got together and we started planting our food forest, fruit trees, you know, the nine full vegetables.
What we do, we are kind of a paid group for granted, composed by the garden of all the backgrounds, all of the city and completely voluntary, and everything we do is free.
And the garden, he was beautiful.
Then somebody complained.
The city came up with me, and in summary, they gave me a story saying that I had to remove my garden, the ritual was made of court order.
And I said, "Go, right?
A judicial order by planting food in a piece of land that nobody matters?" So I was like, "Well, let me forget it."
Because this time wasn't going to happen.
Louis Times had the story written by Steve LED, and he talked to the driver and one of the members of Green Greenspan, who put a petition in Shanghai, with 900 signatures, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My chief even called to say that they were breathing and loved what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A. is the city of America with more balls.
It's about 65 miles of soft terrain.
That's about 20 Central Park.
That's space enough to fold 125 million tomato plants.
Why don't you tell them, well?
Growing a plant to give you a thousand, 10,000 seeds.
When a dollar hackers will give you 75 dollars of result.
It's my anthem, when I tell people, grow your own food.
Growing your own food is how to print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Central South.
I grew up there . I raised my kids there.
I refused to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufactured to me by others, and I'm going to make my own reality.
See, I'm an artist.
gardening is my graffiti, I cultivate my art.
Just like an artist of graffiti, which promises walls, I start strings, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and plants and trees, are my lift of that canvas.
You would be surprised to see what the earth can do, if they let it be.
You can just can't imagine how amazing it is, and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm witness how my garden became an education tool, a transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of land.
We are the land.
You would be surprised to see how kids affect.
gardening is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do, especially in an urban.
Also, you get strawberries.
I remember one occasion, which came a mother and his daughter, were like 137 of the night, and they were in my garden, I went out and look very quickly.
Now, I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is in the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me with hunger, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "Well, don't people have to steal your food?"
So I say, "Oh, God no, I'm not afraid that you're going to steal it."
That's on the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but in turn, I want you to relax your health."
There was another point in which I put a garden in a shelter in the downtown of Los Angeles.
They were these guys who helped me download the truck.
It was great, they shared my stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and his grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed, so just for a moment.
So George Glass has come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We've had, like about 50 people who come, work and participate, everybody in a volunteer.
If kids grow color, the kids will eat color.
If you grow up tomatoes, they eat tomato . But if none of this is taught, if you're not taught how food affects your mind and your body, you eat blind what you're in front.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're trapped in, I see color kids who are in this way designed for them, which doesn't take you anywhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who love their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
You may be the next George Washington Carrie.
But if we didn't change the composition of the land, we never will.
Now this is one of my plans, this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same block.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy cafes.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability is you have to suspend it.
What I'm talking about is to try to work with people, take the kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening markets of farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want everyone to become economic denied, screens, sense gardens.
We have to change the script of what is a geyser.
If you're not a garden, you're not a sign.
So, the witnesses take their stick?
Which is the choice of choice.
In the sum, if you want to gather with me, well, if you want to see me, don't call me whether you want to sit in your comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some shit -- to talk about making some shit.
If you want to see me, come on to the garden with her stick so that we can plant something.
Peace . Thank you.
Thank you.
(Machine sounds) (microwave noises) You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, in which it rains a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt.
And especially if you go in your bike and these cars pass, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make porous asphalt roads.
The porous asphalt, a material that we use now in most of the Netherlands in the Netherlands, has pores and water can pass through it, so all the rainwater flow into the sides and they'll have a road that is easy to drive, and not save water anymore.
The noise will also disappear in these pores.
Because it's very high, all the noise will disappear, so it's a very quiet highway.
It also has disadvantages, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can undo.
What is it going to be able to do? You see that in this room, the surface stones are coming out.
First of a stone, then many more and more and more and more, etc., I'm not going to do that . But you can hurt it, and you're not happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create loops with that.
Ah . It's ready.
potholes, of course, that you can turn into a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can actually see how the damage looks in this material.
It's a porous asphalt, as I said, so it only has a little amount of anxiety between rocks.
Because of the point, to the ultraviolet light, to the oxygen, this round, this bath, the glue between the strings, will be shrinking, and if you find it, you're going to do microscopes and you're separated.
So if you drive around the road, you take the add -- as we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think about authority materials.
If we can make this material boring, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is we can use steel wool, of that to clean up, and we can cut the iron out of steel in very small pieces, and we can mix those little pieces with the baby.
So we have a little assignment with small steel pieces on it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- an induction machine.
Inderways can warm, especially steel, is very good at that.
So what we need to do is heat the steel, melt the button, the button flow through these microscopes, and the stones will look back on the surface.
I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the great machine here to the stage.
The microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm going to take to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government, really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting . We have to try it."
So they gave us a piece of road, 400 meters from the Alice Alligan, where we had to do a test lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there . You see where we were doing the test test, and then, of course, this road will take several years without any damage . That's what we know about practice.
We took many samples of this road and we tested them in the lab.
We started to age the samples, we put a lot of charges into them, we repair them after our education machine and repair them, and we went back to test.
We can replicate this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can tell you that we've made a material using steel fibers, including these fibers, using the energy energy to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, they can even double the life of the surface, they can even double a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they're curious of whether this also worked.
We still have the sample here . It's pretty hot.
In fact, you have to cool first before you can show the repair.
But I'm going to make an attempt.
Let's see . Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember I woke up a morning with the sound of the gun in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News in his little gray radio.
He had a big smile in her face that was unusual at those times, because news typically depressed it.
"The Taliban were!" "I screamed my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
"Now, you can go to a real school," he said.
One morning that will never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban came out of Afghanistan and made illegal that girls went to school.
For the next five years, I looked at me as a child to escort my older sister, who could no longer be alone, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could be educated.
Every day, we took a different route that nobody could suspect where we were.
We had to hide the books on market bags so that we were going to buy.
School was in a house, more than 100 of us in a small room.
It was nice in winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew we risked our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Occasionally, the school was suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban suspected.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Would you be following?
Do you know where we live???
We were encouraged, but still, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and girls a treasure.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total diagnostic of a remote province of Afghanistan, insisted that his daughter, my mother, outside to school, and that's why her father reported.
But my educated mother became a teacher.
This is her.
It will retire two years ago, just to turn our home in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of all his family to get education.
There was no doubt that their children had to get education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban, despite the risks.
For him, there was a greater risk in not to educate his children.
Over the years of the Taliban, I remember that there was moments when I was very frustrated for our life and I was always scared and didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said, "Hey, daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money . You can force you to leave your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with, what's here, and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So, you still want not to continue?"
Today, I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of the women in my age have more than chocolate, and if my family would not have been so committed with my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself proud to graduate in Buddhist College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, who was made out of her home by the courage to educate his daughters, was one of the first ones in congratulate.
He doesn't just fall out of my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, I took him by the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1910, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded Solar, the first one, perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to tap the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, like me, advocate for them, despite and still in front of a daunting opposition.
Like Ahmed . It's not the true name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter ranged from SLN to their village, and literally they were thrown out of being killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When you get home, you're the phone, a voice would warn you that if I kept sending his daughter to school, they would try.
"Let me now, if you want," he said, "but I won't harm the future of my daughter for their old and remarkable ideas."
What I've realized in Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of those who we succeeded, there's a father who recognized the value of their daughter and see that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, they are often the first compelling snakes of the future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, the girls who went to school are told in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the United States.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I'm afraid that these changes don't last much, after the U.S. troops.
But when I went back to Afghanistan, when I look at the students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, that encourage them, I see a future future and a durable change.
And to me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and possibilities, and every day in solidarity, they remind me.
Like me, they sleep.
Thank you.
Never, I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died on the exile: "daughter, resist to Gaddafi . fight against it.
But you're never going to become a Gadooft revolution."
They've been almost two years since I was doing the liberal revolution inspired by the waves of mass mobilizing so much of the Tunisian revolution of the Egyptian.
A force with many other tribal citizens, inside and out of the country to call a day of dirt and begin a revolution against Gaddafi's regime regime.
And we did it; it was a great revolution.
Women and men, young books were in the edge, exposing the fall of the regime, carrying freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a value to face the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and some losses of about 50 thousand dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the tyrant.
However, Gaddafi left a heavy load, a legacy of tyranny, corruption and corners.
For four decades, the empty regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure, the culture and moral structure of liberal society.
Now, aware of the devastation and the challenges, I've wanted, along with many other women, will rebuild the civil civil society, choosing an inclusive transition and justice to democracy and national reconciliation.
They were about 200 organizations in Benjamin during, and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi -- roughly 300 in thermal.
After a 33 year-old period, I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm, I started organizing workshops about the development of capabilities, and leadership skills.
With an amazing group of women, we founded the Life Women platform, a movement of women, leaders, of very diverse orientation, to advocate by the social autonomy of the woman and for our law of engaging equality in the construction of democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the electoral period, an environment that was becoming more polarized, which is model of selfish policy and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won 17 percent of the National Congress in the first elections in 52 years.
However, slowly, the culture of elections and revolution as a whole, they were disappearing; every day we found violence news.
One day, we wake up with the news of ancient mosques and graves.
Another day I ended up with the news of the American Embassy Embassy and the attack of the American Embassy.
Another day, we're woke up with the news office murder of the military.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their continuing violations of human rights of the human rights and their lack of law.
Our society, form by a revolution mentality, became more popularized, and it has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, which we had at the beginning.
intolerance, exclusion and revenge became the icons of the consequences of revolution.
I'm not here today at all to inspire you with our story of the success of "crying list" and elections.
So I'm here today to confess that we as a nation, we're wrong, we make the wrong decision.
We didn't prioritize.
Because elections didn't bring peace, stability and security to Libya.
Are the blood list and alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still polarized and mastered with selfish policies of domination and exclusion, both by men like the women?
Maybe what I failed was not just women, but the female values of compassion, mercy and inclusion.
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than it needed the choices, which only reinforce polarization and division.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female that need the normal representation and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as agents of outrage and calling the day of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female speech, which is not only honor, but also put the mercy instead of the revenge, the collaboration instead of the competition, the inclusion instead of the exclusion.
So these are the ideals that a Libya, respected by war, needs desperately in order to reach peace.
Because peace has an alchemy that deals about the interrelationship and the alternative between the female perspectives and the male.
That's the real cholera.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a social way.
According to a version of the Koran "Salma" -- peace -- "It's the word of the mistaken God, Rad.
At the same time, the word "Lahor," which is known in all of the academic traditions, has the same root in Arabic that the word "Rambardy" -- uterus -- symbolizing the female and mathematics, which fits all the humanity of men and women, that all the tribes and all the people have ever been burned.
And so, as the uterus completely covers the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of compassion nutrients all the existence.
That's how we're told, "My mercy ran all things."
So we're told, "My mercy prevalence about my anger."
That everybody was focused on mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you today about an inclusive question, which has a equally inclusive answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to deal with is the one that everybody always does: Why is she left?
Why was anyone going to stay with a man who pays him?
I'm not a psychiatrist, or a social worker, or expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story.
He was 22 years old . He had been at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and publisher in the sediment.
I had my first apartment, my first green card Martin Express, and had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, who I created my twin soul, pointed my head with a gun, loaded with street bullets.
The man, who loved anybody in this world, put a gun in my head and threatened with killing me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "lovely love," a psychological trap, a love salad, where every year millions of women fall, and even some men.
It could even be his story.
I don't know a typical survivor of domestic violence.
I'm a manager in English at Harvard University, and I've got a MBA at Marketing Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for lists of list "Fortune 500," between Johnson & Johnson, Leo County and The Washington Post.
I'm almost 20 years old with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black horse, and he's driving a Handi Persian mining.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, every race, all the religions, all levels of rent and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that they all think that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly.
Over 85 percent of the markets are men, and domestic abuse only happens in intimate, interdependent relationships and long duration, or said otherwise, in families, the last place where we would want or hope to find violence -- which is why domestic abuse is so puzzling.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would be left with a man who was stuck, and actually I was a very typical victim because of my age.
He was 22 years old, and in the United States, women between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be a victim of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls at that age are killed every year per partners, ninth nodes and grandfather in the United States.
I was also a typical victim, because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo on a cold and rain night of January.
I was sitting next to me on the New York subway and started to float with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he also did just license from a university of the V-Day, and he worked in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me most in that first encounter was that I was ready and fun, and it seemed a kid from the field.
He had a big driver like apples, and a pity of wheat, and he seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that he did Congo, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did about all at the beginning putting me on a pedestal.
We started coming out and loved everything of me: that he was ready, that he had gone to Harvard, which was passion to help girls teenage girls, and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and the illusions.
He believed in me, as a writer, and as a woman, as no one had ever done.
And that's why the limitation in that prestigious school and the work on Wall Street and his future bright had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to be seduced and beneficial.
And I didn't know that the second step is isolating it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was I go from New York and leave the work of my dreams, but I thought I had to make sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted, I left my job and Congo and I were up with Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling on a crazy love, which was entering a head in a physical trap, financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts.
And this is where they come into the scene.
As soon as we moved to New England, you know, that place where I was supposed to be as sure as I bought three guns.
One was in the car farm.
Another woman underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in your pocket.
And he said that he needed those guns because of the trauma that he lived.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those pieces were actually a message for me, and, although I had never lifted my hand, my life was already in danger, every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven o'clock in the morning, and they still had the path.
Five days later, when the 10 copies of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's boyfriend and married him.
Despite of what had happened, I was sure that we lived happy forever, because I loved him, and he also wanted me to want a lot.
And I was very, very closely.
It was simply very overwhelmed by the wedding and the fact of making a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never get hurt.
I spent twice more on our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach, and he lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that he refused several times against the car window.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, it took off the traffic, and I threw a Big Mac down to the face.
And I went on, I went on with one or twice a week for the next two years and a half times.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One of three American women is a victim of domestic violence or harassment at some point of their life, and the Disease Center of Information reported that every year 15 million children are battered, 15 million.
So, actually, I had very good company.
And going back to my question: Why was I?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
In contrast, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a deeply tormented man, and was the only person in the world who could help Congo meet his devils.
The other question that everybody is doing is: Why doesn't it just go?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
For me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because you, victims, we know something that you usually ignore: it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a malaria.
Because the last phase in domestic violence is killing it.
More than 70 percent of the killings in cases of domestic violence occur after the victim has put the relationship to the relationship, after moving, because then the absurd no longer has anything to lose.
Other repercussions include permanent harassment, even after the abuse has gone back to married, financial resources, and manipulation of the criminal family system to terrified the victim and their children, who are usually forced by the judges to spend time not that the man went.
And yet we keep wondering why it just doesn't go?
I was able to laugh, because of a last book, I was able to see my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if he would have allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody, the police, my neighbors, my friends and family, completely unknown, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to stereotype victims as the sustainable headlines, suburban women, damaged goods.
And the question, "Why do you stay?"
For some people, it's a way to say, "The fault is yours to stay," as if the victims we're trying to do is intuitively fall in love with men who want to destroy them.
But since I published "Local love," I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escaped, who learned an invisible lesson of what happened to them and gathering their lives and happy lives like employees, wives and mothers, completely free of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I am a victim and a survival of very typical domestic violence.
He became married with a young, friendly man and we have these three children.
I have that black worker, and also that embodiment.
What I'm not going to have again, I never have it, and it's a little bit of a little bit of a little bit that I'm going to put on my head in someone who says I want to.
At this point, as you're thinking, "Hi, that's fascinating!" or "Hall, how stupid it was,, but all this time I've been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, which are being battered or that they were small or that they're abused themselves.
The battered could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to get my crazy love to my particular love of the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse was just on the silence.
They have the power to end on the domestic violence just throwing light on it.
The victims need everybody.
We need each one of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They jump on the light by talking about it with their children, their jobs, their friends and family.
Take your vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people who have a full future.
They recognize early signs of violence to consciously intervene, to stop their climb and show the victims a safe output.
Together we can turn our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis.
Thank you.
Hi . I call me Cameron Russell, and for a while, I'm model.
To be precise, for 10 years.
And I feel that at this point there is an awkward tension in the room because I shouldn't have looked like this . Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first piece of clothes on a TED stage, so you have a lot of luck to protect it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when I came up, they don't have to tell me now, but I'll find it later in Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These machines are very awkward -- less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to pass this sweater out, because it's when they're going to laugh from me, so they do nothing as I cover my head.
All right.
Why have you done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I've totally changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I never had a boyfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer would tell me that I would drag my back, and I would jump the child's hair.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial tan that I made two days ago for work, there's very little we can do to transform our aspect, which, although surface and unchanging, has a big impact in our lives.
So today, to me, it's going to be courageous to be honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do to me, but in form.
The first question is, how do you get to be model???
And I always say, "A characters found me," but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we haven't only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we're biologically programmed to admire, we have also associated it at a high and stable figure, to womanhood and a white skin.
And that's my heritage, heritage that I've ever known to get to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience that now is skeptical, and maybe there are some subjects of the fashion you say -- wait . There's Naomi, Tim, John Smith, King Neanderthal.
First, happy to know both of models . It's amazing.
But unfortunately I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York told each and every single model of models in the runway, and from the 173 models hired, only 27, is not white.
The next question that people always do is: Could be a model when it's older?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't care about that.
But later, what I really would tell you to each of these girls is why? You can be what you want.
Can you be president from the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a coral surgeon and a poet, which would be awesome, because you would be the first.
If after this spectacular list, you still insist, no, no, Cameron, I want to be model, then I tell you: I know my boss.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the reduction chief of American Volume magazine or the executive director of H & M, or the next Steven Melium.
To say that you want to be a model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're older.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose.
I'm going to show you all I learned in 10 years as a model, because, unlike cardiovascular surgery, it can be summed right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've finished your studies, and you have a rsum and a few jobs to your back, you don't matter what you say, if you say, if you said you want to be president from the United States, but you would say, you know, "Modern clothes model for 10 years, people would see you weird.
The next question that people are always doing is if all the photos are played.
And yes, you practice all the photos, but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture that took me, and also the first time I used a bikini, and I didn't even have my time.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
I'm a light with my grandmother, a few months before.
These two photos are the same day.
My friend came with me.
So here I am in a pile of a few days before the photos for the French Voyager.
Here I am with my soccer team and the V magazine.
And this is me in the present.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They are creations of a group of professionals, phones, makeup, photographers and statistics, and all of their residents and people of prey and prostate, and they managed to create this . That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is: Do you get free things?
I have a lot of 20-year-old heel, which I never use, except the last few, but the privilege I get are the ones I get in the real life, and that we don't like to talk.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a shop, I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free dress.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a counter-looking; he jumped a red pen, and, of course, they stopped us, and I was a feeling, agent in order to keep driving.
I enjoy these privilege by my aspect, not what I am . And there are people who are paying a price for their way no matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, of the 120,000 teenagers who were stopped and recorded, 86 percent black and Latino, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 173 black young black and Latino in New York, so for them, isn't it a question of me would stop?
But how many times will I stop?
So when I was looking at this talk, I found out that 50 percent of the 13 year-old girls in the United States doesn't like their body, and that number goes to 78 percent at 17.
So the last question that people do is, what is the life of a model?
And I think the answer that you expect is: If you're a little bit smaller and you have the most brilliant hair, you will feel very happy and scary.
And behind the cameras, we give a response that maybe it looks like it.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to work with creative, resourceful and passionate people.
And all that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I've never said in front of them is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my look every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, "With some more thin legs and the most brilliant hair, will be happier?"
You just have to come together with a group of models, because you have the most thin legs, the brightest hair and you're probably the most insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was difficult to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression when I'm one of the biggest benefits.
If there is something that will retain from this talk, I hope that everybody feels more comfortable when the power of the image is in the perception that we have about success and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since it was the biggest enough to subject a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more precious photos, and I didn't want to get it.
There were no artistic directors, no statistics, no opportunity to repeat photos, not even a careful care in lighting.
In fact, most of them took random tourists.
My story begins when, found in New York City to give a post, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter in his first birthday . That's the 19th and five.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York right a year later, so we decided to get the same picture.
Well, you imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter came up, my wife said, "Why don't you take you to wise to New York City on a paper trip and continue the ritual?"
So here's when we started to ask tourists that would take us to get the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivery the camera to a complete unknown is so universal.
No one has ever been denied, and fortunately, no one has ever done with the camera.
So, we weren't aware of how much the life changed this journey.
It became something sacred to us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five-year-old girl could understand.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time on a week of October and to make us reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, even though we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter gets new milestone, and I can see life through his eyes and how it feels and interact with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something we hope with illusion all year.
So recently, in one of the trips, we were walking, when suddenly it was stopped and pointed out a red touch of the wrist store that I was left in before.
And I was describing what had felt the five years of standing in that same place.
I thought I remembered his heart beating with force by seeing that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what you see in New York are universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create are memories.
So, I want to share the idea of engaging in the creation of conscious memories.
I don't know about you, but besides these 15 photos, you don't get in many of the family photos.
I'm always the one who takes the picture.
Today, I want to encourage you all to come up in the picture, and you don't figure out to come up with somebody and ask them, "Do you get a picture?"
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species in the world.
The boundaries are in the most mature bird group.
First, why do they have so bad?
It's also associated with Disney laughter as a mixed, silly characters.
More recently, if you have been following laughter Kenyan press, applause and statements, these are the attributes that are associated with the Kenyan Parliament . But it doesn't accept it.
Don't get it . You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep clean the environment, the parameters don't help prevent disease spread.
They're very hard . They're far of extinct . And, my favorite, they have better presence . There are two types of tickets on this planet.
There are the New World boundaries that are primarily found in America, like the horns and the faces and the bottoms of the Old World, where we have 16 species -- from these 16, 11, they face a high risk of extinction.
So, why are you important? First of all, provide vital ecological services . Clean.
It's our natural garbage collection.
Clean the carcasses to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria . They help to absorb the anthrax that they would not be because of them, and caused large losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there is no raw, the carcasses take three to four times more time in getting, and this has huge branching in the spread of disease.
The boundaries also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with the old Egyptian culture.
Nepal was the symbol of the protective and the maternity and, along with the copper, symbolizes the unit between the height and the Egypt.
In the Hindu mythology, Jamaica was the fat god, and he risked his life to save the diabetes of 10 heads Random.
In the Tibetan culture, there are very important entities in the open side . In places like Tibet, there is no place to bury the dead, or wood to believe them, so these boundaries provide a natural disposal system.
What's the problem with the Bhutan?
We have eight species of Bhutan in Kenya, which six are in extreme threat of extinction.
The reason is that they're being poisoned, and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife . The psychological communities use this poison against predators, and as a consequence, the bonds are victims of this.
In southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of borders are on the critical list of extinction danger, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years, it's going extinct, and the reason is because they fall prey of livestock that has been treated with an analog drug like the Dillaginism.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India, and they've taken a position.
Since there is no Bhutan, there's been a spread in the number of street dogs in kindergarten stores, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge time bomb for rage . The number of cases of rage has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind parks in Africa: 350 personalities are going to be above the Turkana.
I'm not against wind power, but we have to work with governments, because the wind turbines do this to birds . They cut them in half.
They're birds.
In the West Africa, there is a horrible trade of bright breakthroughs to serve the gross and the drug market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're investing these birds . We're putting them transistors.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel through different countries, so focus on a problem locally is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments at the regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the boundaries, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they provide.
How can they help? It can become active, make noise . They can write a letter to their government and tell them, we need to focus on these very exciting creatures, giving their time to spread the word . Say, "The word."
When they come out of this room, they're informed about the boundaries, but they talk to their families, with their kids, with their neighbors on the boundaries.
They're very elegant . Charles Darwin said he changed the opinion because he saw them flying without effort, no energy in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every single thing I do and everything I do professionally -- my life -- it's been beaten for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1971, it's young, but I'm no longer . I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Ivory Coast, Algeria and Somalia.
I worked for an Italian NGO, and every project that we set up in Africa failed.
And I was disturbed.
I thought, at 21, the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, all we've played is we attached it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Siberia waves," was a project where we Italian, we decided to teach people in Zambia to grow food.
So, we came to Italian seeds to the south of Zambia to this absolutely beautiful valley that goes down to the Zambia River, and we teach local tomatoes to grow Italian and squash, and ...
Of course, people weren't at all interested in doing that, so we get paid to come to work, and sometimes, they don't get out . We were amazed than the local, in so fertile valley, they hadn't had agriculture.
However, instead of asking them how it was possible to grow anything, we just said, "Thank God we are here ." "Just time to save people in Zambia's people."
And of course, everything in Africa is very beautifully grown.
We made these magnificent shots . In Italy, a tomato would come up to this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the Sambure: "Look at how easy agriculture is."
When tomatoes were beautiful, mature and red, overnight, about 200 hippies came from the river and ate everything . And we said to the Jamaican, "Oh my God, we hip-hop!"
And the Neanderthals said, "Yes, so we don't have agriculture here ." "Why didn't they say?" "You never asked."
I thought only we Italians were eating errors in Africa, but then, I saw what Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt quite proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the mortgage.
You should see the waste -- they should see the waste that we gave people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "Death Death" from Damascus Moshewia, campus.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donor countries, we've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that that money has caused.
Just read their book.
Call it part of an African woman, the damage we've done.
Westerners are imperative, colonial missions, and we treat people only in two ways, or parallel, or we are patential.
The two words come from the Latin root root, which means "father."
However, they mean two different things.
heritage, I treat any of a different culture as if my children were . "I want you a lot."
Paraly, I treat all of a different culture as if they were my servant.
So the white people in Africa are called "Great," boss.
And that book gave me a slap in the face . "The little thing is beautiful," written by School, who said around all of economic development, if people don't want to be helped, put them up.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to respect.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground, and he said, "Can you imagine a city that's not beneficial?"
I decided when I was 27, I just respond to people, and I invented a system called Farmer Farmer where you never started anything, you don't get any reason to anyone, but it becomes a servant of local passion, the local of local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So, what do you do?
He never comes to a community with an idea, and he sits with the people of locality.
We don't work from offices.
We met in a coffee . We got together in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we find out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give one idea to somebody.
If that person doesn't want to do what you do?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for his own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge, because no one in the world can just succeed.
The person with the idea cannot have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why don't we, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once, do we hear them? But not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
entrepreneurs never attend, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what you want to do with your own money, which opportunity have identified.
So, planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work on one, and we work face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You have to create a new profession.
The profession is the company's family doctor, the business doctor of the business, which is established with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in the coffee, and help you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of making life.
I started this as a test in hope, the city of Western Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at the time, trying to get away from this condensed trash where we got to tell them what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects on me, and the government came to me to ask, "How can you do that?
How can you do it?" And I said, "I did something very, very, very difficult.
So, the government says, "Make it again ." We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start 40,000 business.
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying from loneliness.
Peter Drugs, one of the greatest corporate advisers of history, died at 96, a few years ago.
Peter Russell was a philosophy of philosophy before I got involved in business, and this is what Peter Drausis says: "planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company."
planning is the kiss of the death of corporate spirit.
So now you rebuild Christian without knowing what the most expensive people in Christopher want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to talk with you.
You've got to offer trust, privacy, you have to be great when you help them, and then you'll get up, you'll come in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion??
What do you look like this morning?
Particularly passionate people . That's what you're clapping.
So, what I'm telling you is that the entrepreneur spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial revolution, and we're not renewable, manufacturing -- and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The brakes as a way of holding machinery is not sustainable.
What we have to consider, is how we nurture, cures, we educate, we communicate, we communicate seven billion people in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who will invent the technology for green revolution? universities? Forget it!
government? Forget!
You're going to be the entrepreneurs, and they're doing it right now.
There's an adorable story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the 1960s.
And in the 1880s, this group of people came together, and they speculate about what's going to happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was together: New York City wouldn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they looked at the curve and pointed out, if the population is being kept growing up to this rate, to bring to the population of New York to the surroundings, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses of horses.
They were already engaged in dung . And so, in 1866, they were spreading this dirty technology that will provide the life of New York.
So, what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States, they came up with 100,000 cars, 2005.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed, and there were very few, signal, factories in some of them.
Devil, Michigan . Henry Ford.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer the computer.
Otherwise, they won't come to talk with you.
Then, you have to offer an absolute, dedicated, enthusiastic service.
And, later, you're going to have to tell you the truth of understanding.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three things: the product that you wish to sell has to be fantastic, you have to tell with a fantastic marketing, and you have to count a great financial administration.
Guess what?
We've never met a single human being in the world who can do, sell and look for the money alone.
There is no.
This has not been born.
We've investigated and looked at the 100 icons of the Carnegie world, Windows, Edison, Ford, all the new companies, Google, Yahoo.
There's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, only one: none was started by one person.
It's a word "me," but the word "us," 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody begins a company alone . No one.
So, we can create the community where we have facilitators, who come from an environment from small businesses sitting in cafes, on the bars next to their dedicated democratizes who are going to do for you, which somebody who is talking about this empowerment, somebody who will ask you, what need you need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell? Can you find the money?"
"Oh, no, I can't do that ." "Would I want you to find somebody?"
We activate communities.
Thank you.
And those around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, which is why we don't exchange a lot of knowledge even though they share the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like autism, pills and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much pay my neighbors for their apartment?
How can we afford and ask more things without calling the door at a bad time??
How do you share more memories of our buildings abandoned and better understand our landscape?
How do we share more our hopes for empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant robots who give shadow to lovers, robots and lawyers from the centuries and I trust in a city.
That's always a destination in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with most of the most likely of American properties.
I live near this house and I thought about how it could turn into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Joan, like a mother for me.
His death was suddenly and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this gave me a deep gratitude for the living time.
He gave clarity to the significant things of my life today.
But let me keep this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let me catch on the day and forget what's really important for you.
So with the help of old and new friends, I would transform the wall of this house in a giant board and painted on her phrases to complete, "Before I die I want ..."
So the protests could take a chalk, reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day, the wall was packed and kept coming.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
"Before I die, I want to be judged by pirate ." "Before I do, I want to sit on my head on the line of date."
Before I die, I want to sing to millions of people.
"Before I die, I want to plant a tree."
Before we die, I want to live outside the network.
Before I die, I want to hug it again.
Before I die I want to go to somebody's rescue.
"Before I die, I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh, I was destroyed, and they gave me in hard moments.
It's about knowing that one is not alone . It's about understanding our neighbors in new and speculative ways . It's about giving reflection and contemplation, and to remember what's most important for us as we grow and change.
And this happened last year, and I started receiving hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in her community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center, we did a kit, and now they have been walls in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together we show the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of increasing distractions, it's more important than ever, finding ways to preserve perspective and remember that life is short and delicate.
Death is something that we often avoid speaking, or even thinking, but I understood that we're going to prepare for death is one of those things that make us more power.
Think of the classic death of our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters to us as individuals and as a community and more means to share hope, fear and stories, people around us not only can help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a only petition today.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers.
And it was 22 years old, it's high and very handsome.
It doesn't speak, but it's going to convey better than some of the best speakers.
Rezero knows what love is.
So, sharing is unconsciously what happens.
It's not advertisements . It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
It doesn't care about religious differences and look at this: Never lied.
When I sing the songs of our childhood, trying to pronounced words that I couldn't even remember, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown thing.
Samuel is 16 years old . It's high . It's very handsome.
It's the most memorable memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year that one of my iPod songs came out of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, getting paid in my arm during the first episode of the theology and the Lady Gaga birthday.
It doesn't seem amazing?
But most people disagree.
And in fact, because their minds are not adjusted to the notion of the normal of society, they're often ignored and engaged.
But what drives my heart and forced my soul was that even if that was the case, even though I wouldn't consider them in the ordinary, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term "autism," it is a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In each individual, they manifest differently, from there that Rio is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of autism is diagnosed, and it is one of the disorders of the development that the faster increase in the world, there's no cause or known cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I had only three years when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new self in my life.
When they spent a few months, I realized he was different.
Right.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
And he was living and he reinvented in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting cars around the room, looking at the washing and eating anything that was between media.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more apparent.
But beyond judgment, frustration and hyperactivity, there was something really unique: a pure and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without prejudice, a human being who had never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some hard times in my family, moments where I would have been just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they are things that wouldn't want to change by normal.
The normal goes through the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that anything is wrong.
It only means that there's a different view of what's right.
If I could translate one thing to Rumi and Sam and you would, it would be that you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because autistic or not, the differences we have -- it's a gift! Each one of us has a gift inside and, honestly, the pursuit of the normal is the last sacrifice of the potential.
The opportunity for greatness, progress and change dies at the time we try to be like others.
Please -- I don't tell you that I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little thing that should have been Alice in the country of the wonders.
Penn State asked me, a communications professor, which gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared . scared of truth . frightened from these students with their great minds, their big books and their big and unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt like when she fell down the hole of the rabbit and he saw the door of a new world.
And so, I felt when I had these conversations with the students . I was surprised the ideas they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our larger challenges, from energy to environment and health care, among others, and if we don't understand this, work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility to have these interactions.
But these big conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please, brilliant.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that you can see that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First question to say, "What?"
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
You don't just tell us that you study the works, but you study the workers, which are the mesh structure of our bones, because it's important to understand and treat osteoporosis.
And when you're describing your science, you care with jargon.
jargon is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say "space and temporary," but why not say space and time, which is much more accessible to us?
Make it accessible is not the same thing that make them dumb.
In contrast, as Einstein said, it's all as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without engaging ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies . They are ways of getting and excited with their content.
And when they introduce their work, forget of "bullet" signs.
You've wondered why they call "bullet"? What do the bullets do? bullets kill, and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not just boring, but it supports too much in the language of the language of our brain and open us.
Instead, this example of Gene Brown example is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of the curriculum is so strong that actually inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower.
The trick here is to use a simple, legitimate phrase that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then you will provide the graphics of your other senses and create a more profound sense of understanding of what it's described.
I think these are just a few key keys that can help us that others are approaching the door and we see the country of the wonders that are science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, by all media, handy . Thank you.
One of my favorite words from the entire Oxford of Oxford is "self-organization."
Just because it sounds very well.
And "self-seeking" means "destructive policy."
Although there was an editor of the 19th century that defined it a lot better when he said, "A suburban" is the one that seeks a public charge without matter, platform or beginning, and that, when I win, I get it for the groupers' use of a refugee menuslin."
I have no idea what it means "record."
Something I do with words, I suppose.
It's very important that words are in politics, and that all politicians know that they have to try and master the language.
It wasn't until, for example, 177 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliamentary camera.
And all of this was because of the bravery of a guy with the title name of Brain Creek, who confronted Parliament.
They showed him in the London Tower and they caught him, but he had the enough worth facing them, and ultimately he had such popular support in London who won.
And just a few years later, we had the first registered use of the phrase, "That's book like the metal."
Most people think it's literal.
It's not . It's by a freedom of freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want to go back to America, right after independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call a leader of a Republican country?
This is debating in Congress for a long time.
All sorts of suggestions were presented that they could have built.
Some of you wanted to call them "Jeff from State of State," and others, "His Alternal George Washington," and other people, "American liberties of the U.S. ."
Not very early.
Some just just wanted to call it "King."
They thought it was quality.
And not even with that, they were the idea that you could be elected King for a certain deadline.
And it could have succeeded.
Everyone was tired, because this debate was banned for three weeks.
I read the day of a poor senator, and I always wrote, "Still with this subject."
What caused the delays, and it was that the House of representative was against the Senate.
The representative camera didn't want Washington to be drunk of power.
They didn't want to call him queen if he gave him to him or their own ideas.
So, they wanted to give the more modest, more insidious and more dazzling degree that they were done.
And that title was "President."
President . They didn't invent the title . It was already before, but it just meant "somebody who wants a meeting."
It was like the president of a jury.
And it didn't have much bigger than the term "foreman" or "superhero."
There were eventually little presidents of small colonial ads and government factors, but it really was an insignificant title.
And so the Senate is opposed.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign treated and gathered with foreign dignity."
"And who will take seriously with a title as ridiculous and insignificant as President of America?"
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't.
We can learn three interesting things about this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never made the title of the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to go out there hoping for the Senate between action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary -- it's possible that we keep waiting 42 years more.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this, I want to leave you, is that the U.S. title of President doesn't sound so much as modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 500 nuclear heads to the world, the largest economy of the world and a fleet of non-zero-sum vehicles and so on.
The reality and the story have given the degree of great.
So, at the end of the end of the Senate.
They got their responsibility.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of uniqueness -- well, it was a singularity at then.
But do you know how many nations have now president?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads, so on.
So, at the end of the Senate, the Senate won and the '60s lost, because nobody's going to feel humble when they tell them that they are now the President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and I'd like to leave you with.
politicians are trying to choose and use words to shape and control reality, but actually, reality, reality much more of the words than that could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters underground in an illegal mine of Ghana.
The air is loaded of heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the touch of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
Now, I hear voices that talk, but most of all, that cacophony of male floors and stones with primitive tools.
Like the others, I take a cheap bar of controlled light in the head with this orange plastic, and I can barely distinguish the branches of that hole's hole that fell hundreds of feet on the land.
And I'm holding my hand, and I suddenly remember a minute that I knew before, who lost the control and fell incredible meters in that pit.
While I'm talking to you today, these guys are deep in the deep of that hole by fixing their lives without paying, and often, dying.
I went out of that hole, and I went home, but they may never be, because they're ready to slavery.
In the last 28 years I was documenting national cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition in Vancouver's Peace Summit.
And among all the amazing people I met here, I met to come up with the artist of the Solar Front, an NGO who is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that existed in the world, but not so much.
When we finished talking to me, I felt very badly; honestly I was embarrassed to ignore this journey of our days, and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I was given a number of the stomach and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of the Forecard Space and offer my help.
It started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, it had already been in many of these sites.
Some, even, I would consider them my second home.
But this time, you see the dirty traces.
A conservative calculation says that there are over 27 million people in the world.
It's twice the amount of Africans collapsed during the whole process of transparency slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual wage of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today.
But today, today you can enslave whole families for generations for debt debt, 18 dollars.
Amazingly, slavery generates over $13 a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false education from good education and better work to then find out that they're forced to work without paying, under threat of violence, and they can't escape.
Today the slavery operating in the trade: the goods produced by slaves have value, but those who produce them are miserable.
Clarinera exists in almost everybody, and yet it's illegal around the world.
And in India and Nepal, I met brick oven.
This strange and former picture was like entering the ancient Egypt or the hell of Danish.
It's immediate in a temperature of 45 C, men, women, kids, in fact, entire families wrapped in a heavy, mechanically slightly bricks of bricks in their heads, up to 18 at a time, and they take them from the donor hospitals to trucks that are hundreds of feet.
They were driven by the monkey and the tiredness work silently, making this task over and over 16 hours a day.
There were no cameras to eat, not to drink, and severe drawing would make it a fairly intriguing way.
Now, so pressures were heat and dust that my camera was too hot to the touch and stop working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to make it, and sitting there, I thought, "My camera gets a much better treatment than these people."
Back in the oven, I wanted to cry, but the basketball I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Listen, don't do . Don't do it here."
And I was very clearly explained to show emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer any direct aid.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I wasn't a citizen of that country.
I could put them into a worse situation that they were already.
I had to rely on the Star of the silent and work inside the system for his release and I trusted that they would.
In terms of me, I waited to get home to feel my heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running stones for miles for mountains of mountains that were waiting down.
Those big plans were more heavy than the kids who caught them, and the kids were holding them into their heads with race, made of sticks, strings and rags.
It's hard to witness something so overwhelmed.
How can we influence something so insidious, but so pervasive?
Some people don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day without payment, because this has been this whole life.
They have nothing to compare with.
When these villages took their freedom, the slavery they burn their homes.
When we hear the word slavery we often think of sexual traffic, and because of this global consciousness, I was advised to be difficult for me to work with this particular business.
And in Kathmandu, I was accompanied to women who had been previously sexual slaves.
They drove me on an ancestral staircase that they gave to this dirty, flat light.
It wasn't exactly a soft.
It was more a restaurant.
Responsibility, as it is known in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where the slaves women with their girls and children, some of just seven years are forced to entertain the customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Every single post is dark and dirty, identified by a painted number on the wall and divided by a biome and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse by their clients.
Suddenly, I remember, I remember a hot acute fear, and at that point, I barely could imagine what should be trapped in that hell.
It only had a exit: the stairs for where he came in.
There was no backyard.
There was no big enough enough enough.
Those people have no escape and, since we play a very difficult issue, it's important to point out that slavery, even the sexual traffic, happens around us.
There are hundreds of people who are silent in agriculture, in restaurants, in domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sexual slaves.
It's going on, but we don't see it.
The textiles are another activity that often we often relate to the labor of stream.
I visited Indian villages where there were climber families slaves in the trade of silk.
This is a family portrait.
The hands of black are the father, the jeans of blue and red, of their children.
And mix songs in these big barrels and dip the silk on the liquid to the elbow, but the tune is toxic.
My performer told me.
"We don't have freedom," they said.
We still hope, however, can get out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay our work."
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children slaves in the Volta, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family in a ship, two older brothers, some younger kids, makes sense right?
Troy . They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their failed families and disappeared and forced to work on the elderly women in these boats in the lake, despite not knowing.
This kid is eight.
When our boat came up, he was shaking; it's a little bit of his little canoe.
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling into the water.
The branches of the trees plunged in the Lake lake often catching networks and children, fences and with fear, they break into the water to unleash the branches.
Many are drowning.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
For fear of her love is not going to flee, and as the entire life has been treated with cruelty, frankly deals to the youngest slaves under his command.
I met these guys at five in the morning when they got the last few, but they had been working from the one one.
The night and the right night.
And it turns out that these networks spend over 400 pounds when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Kofi.
Kofi was rescued in a person village.
I met it in a shelter in which I was the Slippers of the slides of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will become because somebody decided to make the difference in their life?
driving on a road in Ghana with the sort of Spider side of the Slip, a bit of a biomaterial company with his motorcycle, and he suddenly sped up and pulled our car and played the window.
We were asked to follow it by a land path to the forest.
At the end of the path, he got us out of the car, and he asked the driver that came out quickly.
Then he pointed this very visible path and he said, "This is the road, this is the road . Come."
As we started down, let's take the snakes that blocking the way and after walking around an hour, we found that the path was attached by the recent rains, so I put the photos on my head as we go down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the second road ended up in a clear way, and we had in front of a pot of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all filled with slaves.
A lot of women had children tied to their back, and as they were looking for gold, they were walking in water with mercury.
The market is used in the process of extraction.
These miners are enslaved in one part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were embedded in their own sweat.
I remember looking at her eyes tired, irritated, because many had been underground for 72 hours.
The wells have about 90 feet and these people are carrying heavy bags of stone that then will be transported to another area in which they would kill the stone so they can extract the gold.
In the first view, the site seems to be full of strong, black men, but if we look closer, we see the margin working to other fortunate and also children.
They're all victims of injuries, disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle is going to end up like this victim of tuberculosis and energy energy in a few years.
This is mania . When he died his father his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
When he died his uncle, Panbanisha inherit the debt of the uncle, which was forced to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I'd worked in the mines 14 years and the lesion of the leg you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so severe that doctors said it should be overwhelmed.
In addition to that, Montana has T.B., and he's forced to work night and day in that mine.
And yet, he dreams of being liberated and educated with help of local activists like France, and it's this kind of determination, of face to remote possibility, which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on the slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen for you all over the world.
I wanted you to know that we will give the testimony of them, and we do everything that's possible to help change their lives.
I simply think that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not of magazines . These are people, real people, like me and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that I don't think about these so many beautiful, battered people, that I've had the great honor to meet.
Now, I hope that these images get up a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force goes into a fire, and that fire light on the slavery, because, without that light, the biosphere of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do mathematics, and there's a peculiar problem for people who do it: We are like management consultants.
Nobody knows how we do.
So I'm going to try and explain to you what I do.
The dance is one of the most human activities.
They will slow down the vertical virtues and the cell dancers that we'll see later.
But the ballet is demanding an extraordinary training degree, a high level of skill and probably certain incident that can be a genetic component.
Sadly, the neurological disorders like Parkinson's evil destroy this extraordinary ability, as I do with my friend Jane Error who, at his time, was a virtual ballet dancer.
In the last few years, it's been very progress in treatment.
However, there are six billion people in the world who are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable weakness, taxes, rich and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way, and ultimately the only way we know if there is really a cure to be when we have a objective and certainty metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson and other disorders of the movement there are no biological markers, so they don't serve blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neurological exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside clinical trials, they never do . It's never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a hard journey to the clinic . What if patients could be done by themselves?
It didn't need staff.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So, what I want to propose to you as a non-lethal form, you see, in a certain sense at least, all of us are virtual as my friend Dan Starbucks.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal strings.
It shows somebody as a healthy as you speak, and we can imagine as a dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all these vocal organs to produce sounds, and we all have the necessary genes . The iPhone, for example.
And as a ballet, it requires a level of extraordinary training.
Let's think about time that makes a child learn to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal chords as vibrate, and as Parkinson affects the limbs, it also affects the vocal organs.
On the bottom of the bottom, you can see an example of a self-destructive of vocal chords.
We see the same symptoms.
Voice: vocal and stiffness.
The speech becomes more quiet and approved after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these based exams in the voice with specialized clinical trials? Well, both of them are not invasive.
The neurological test is not invasive . Both use the existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of them are accurate . Okay, but also, the tests based in voice are not specialized.
I mean, they can be stewards.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds like a lot.
It's a minimum cost, and we all know what happens.
When something gets so low, it appears to massive scale.
These are some amazing goals to address.
We can reduce the local patients of patients.
It wouldn't have to go to the clinic for the murder.
With high-quality monitoring we could get objective data.
We could do massive massive recruiting cost for clinical trials, and, for the first time, failure, for the first time.
We have a chance to start looking for the first distribution of disease before it's too late.
So, when I first gave the first steps in that sense, we're launching the vocal Initiative of Parkinson.
Along to Accompone and Catholic, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these targets.
We have local enough lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone, with no Parkinson, can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours.
Thank you . Tom Rielly: So, Max, take all these samples of, let's say 10,000 people, can you say who's healthy and who don't?
What would you get from these samples?
Max lithium: Yeah, yeah . What happens is, during the call you have to tell whether you have or not the disease . TR: Sure.
MM: You see, some people cannot pass it . Maybe they don't end.
But we're going to get a very large sample of collected data in different circumstances, and doing it in different circumstances, it's important because we're looking for to limit the consumer factors for the actual markers of the disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
MG: Much more than that.
In fact, my student Phanish, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now it's shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well, which means the project . We now have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: Nine and nine . Well, it's an improvement.
MG: Of course.
TR: Thank you very much . Max oil, public.
MR: Thank you, Tom.
Before March of 2011, he made photographic tags in New York City.
We're pale creatures, gray.
We're hiding in dark, rooms without windows, and usually we avoid sunlight.
We do the most thin models, the perfect skin, even more perfect skin, we do the impossible, possible, and they're growing on the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with a lot of years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my home, as the rest of the world, the tragic events that happened in Japan.
Shortly after, an organization where it was voluntary, there Hans volunteers, was in the place working as part of the answer team.
And with hundreds of other volunteers, we knew that we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13, I went to Obama.
It's a small fish town location in the School of almost 50,000 people, one of the first peoples affected by the wave.
The standard water level reached over 24 feet tall and more than three miles inside.
As you can imagine, the people were devastated.
We took rubble from the channels and the vessels.
We clean schools . Let's take the slime down, and we leave the houses ready to be renewed and restaurant.
We take tons and tons of fish dead, fixed, power of the local factory.
We were taught and loved.
For weeks, both the volunteers as the neighbors found similar things.
They found photos and photos of photos and cameras and 2D cards.
Everybody did the same.
Take them together and take them to different places of the villages around to get them.
It wasn't until I realized that those photos represented a huge part of the personal losses that those people had suffered.
While they were the wave, and to save their lives, they had to leave absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started helping in a center of the people.
He helped clean the huge computer toilets, giant batteries.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the center of activity collected photos.
They would take them out, and I had the honor that that day trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring, and I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizons, but it was not until I was going to trace myself, my horizons that something happened.
By looking at photos, I found some of them who had more than a hundred years ago, some were still in the lab, couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that trait and repair that roof and knew hundreds of people who could do the same.
So that night came into Facebook, I contacted with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive, that I knew we had to try it.
So we started playing the photos.
This was all.
I wasn't too lucky, but where the water had decorated the face of the girl, I had to deal with a lot of precision and deletin.
Otherwise, that little girl wouldn't have what it looks like, and that would be as tragic as having the missing picture.
Over time, they came by luckily more photos, and they needed more reports, so it entered Facebook and LinkedIn, and five days over 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
In two weeks, he had 150 people who were willing to join.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Richard, a neighboring person in the north of behalf.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporal photographic libraries that had been installed, where people were going to collect their photos.
The time that they took to deliver them is a different story, it depends on the absence of the photos.
I could get an hour . I could make a few weeks.
I could get months.
This guy had to draw virtually by hand using how the areas whose color and detail the water hadn't destroyed.
I took a lot of time.
The water destroyed all these photos in saltwater, covered of bacteria, with algae, even with oil, all along with the time of the time continued to destroy them, and so clean by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't touch the picture unless it was clean, dry and it would have been captured by its owner.
We were lucky enough.
We count the guide of an amazing neighbor.
It's very easy to give the photos even more easy.
As Johnny once said, the leader of my group is like doing a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman that brought us these photos had been lucky to the photos.
He had started cleaning them up, but he stopped to realize that he gave them even more.
It also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face had not been able to rebuild, we could flap the images in one photo and play the whole picture.
When he collected his photos, she shared something of his story with us.
A few colleagues of their husband found the photos in a firemen station between the rubble, a far away from where he used to be their house, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the end of closing the walls to the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the creatures were killed.
Their little kids, not so small now, but their two children were in the school, in different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
He took a week to find his entire family and know that everyone had survived.
The day he handed her photos his youngest son turned 14.
For her, despite all of this, those photos were the best gift that I could do, something that he could remember, something that I could remember from the past that would have been marked by that day of March when everything in his life changed or destroyed.
After six months in Japan, 1,100 volunteers had joined there, hundreds of them helped us to clean a hand over 12,000 photos, the vast majority -- the big majority came back in their owners.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us back to 90 families of completely rescued and broken photos.
During this time, we don't really spend more than $1,000 in teams and materials, most in ink.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody dear.
They are grandmaster of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take, but the first thing we would look for.
And about this, I was trying to get the project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return some of their connection with the past.
When a photo like this becomes somebody, it's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also makes a big difference in the life of the players.
Some of them connected with something larger, to return something back, using their talent for something that are not frozen models of perfect skin.
And to end, I would like to read this email, I sent it in Adam the day I came back from Japan after six months.
While I was playing, I couldn't help to think about people and stories shown in the images.
One particular, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small girl, gathered around a baby, moved me, because a similar picture of my family, my mother, my mother, and my daughter recently, hangs out of our wall.
In the whole world, in all of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Dr. Edward inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that draws an apple in an exhibition of just one millionth of a second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion, but at a trillion frames per second.
I present a new kind of photograph: metaphor -- a new technique that can create videos in slow motion of light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the line of vision, or see inside of the body without using X-rays, and really challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser pointer, and I turn it up and turn on a billionaire of a second, it's, in many of you, you're going to create a picture of pictures of a little bit of a width.
And that picture of photons, that bullet, travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet.
If we take that bullet and this picture of photons, and we shot into this bottle, how do you get those pictures inside this bottle?
What's what the light looks like in slow motion?
Now, all of this -- remember that all of this happens effectively.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see the light in motion.
Coca-Cola didn't have this research . There's a lot of things in this film -- to get this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet, goes into the bottle with a packet of photons that starts to turn and that, inside, starts to melt.
And part of the light goes down, it goes to the table, and we started seeing these college.
Many of the photons finally get to the roof and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's a air bubble that I bounce in the inside.
At that time, the waves travel down the table, and because of the reflection of the top, you see on the bottom of the bottle, after several frames, that reflections are concentrated.
Now, if you take a common and current bullet, and we make it take the same distance, and we see it in slow camera to about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would be going to see that film?
One day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film of a slow bullet.
And what about a dead nature?
You can see the waves that would be made from the table, the tomato and the wall of the background.
It's like throwing a rock on a pond.
It's the way that nature paints a picture, thinking about a bureau at once, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at the top of this tomato, you will realize that, as light gets away from the tomato, it goes down . It doesn't get dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the red light inside, and it comes back after several billion of a second.
In the future, when this family is in his mobile phones, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
Why do we create this camera at MIT?
As photographers, you know, if we take a picture to a low exhibition, it enters very little light.
But we're going to go to a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition, so you can just go into some light.
Let's move that bullet, that packet of photons, millions of times, and we recorded over and again with a very clever synchronize, we took those gigabytes of data, and we've made it computational to create those feminists that I showed you.
We can take all that data into raw and process them in an interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a higher future would allow him to see after the corners?
And the idea is that we could throw some light on the door . Robert, entering the room, a part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
It's where we could extract those multiple pieces of light.
It's not science fiction . We've built it.
On the left, it's our family.
Behind the wall, there is a handle and we'll bounce the light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications.
And a small fraction of the photons will come back to the camera, but interestingly, it's slightly different.
And as we have a camera that works that fast, our feedback, has unique capabilities.
It has very good temporal resolution, and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So, we know the distances down to the door, and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what extent I'm going to do.
By the way, you can record a laser photo, which, you see on the screen, it really doesn't make any sense.
But will we take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, we put them together and try to analyze the multiple light bounces, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our reconstruction.
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collisions with what's around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions, looking at the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build epidemics to be able to see the inside of the body store Solar, and the same thing for laptops.
But of course, because of the tissue and blood, this is quite difficult, so actually this is a question to scientists so that they start thinking about metaphor as a new modality of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation.
So as Dr. Edward, he himself a scientist, turned science in art, an art of flying photographs.
And I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collected every time are not just for scientific visualization, but we can get.
Create a new form of computational photography with slow motion and color code.
And let's look at those waves . Remember, the time between each of those waves is just a trillion of a second.
But here's something fun.
If you look at the waves underneath the table, they get away from us.
waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out that, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects, and Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order of events in the world sometimes appears to be invested in the camera.
It applies to coordinated space and time, we can correct this distortion.
It's time . Thank you.
Hi . This is my mobile phone.
A cell phone can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a mobile phone, it can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can record a song, upload it to Sultan and get famous.
All of this is possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a boy in 1984 and alive in Berlin City.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were trying to look for a change.
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all these people who are protected in search for a change, they had a cell phone.
Who of the speakers have a mobile phone here?
Let me get you.
Raise your mobile phone, let them!
Get up . A Blackberry, a Blackberry, wow.
It's a lot . Almost everyone today have a mobile phone.
But today, I'm talking about my mobile phone, and how life changed.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 3,000 lines of information.
Brain data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U . Commission presented a directive.
Data Center Director.
This director says that every European telephone company, every Internet provider across Europe, has to store a wide range of information information.
Who calls who, who sends an email to who.
Who sends who.
And if we use the mobile, where we are.
All of this information is stored for at least six months, and until two years, in their phone company or the Internet provider.
And all over Europe people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data return.
We want the self-determination in the digital age, and we don't want the Internet providers to store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about ten thousand people who came out on the streets of Berlin and said, "Freedom, no fear."
And some even said this would be the Stage 2.0.
The State was the secret police of Germany.
And I also wondered if this works really.
Can you store all this information about us?
Any time I use the mobile?
So I asked my phone, Delu Telecom, who then was the largest phone company in Germany, that I would please join all the information they had about me.
I asked them once, and I went back to ask, and I didn't have a concrete response . It was all blah, blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are protecting my life.
And so I decided to start a lawsuit lawsuit because I wanted to have this information.
But Dethen Telescope said no, we don't give this information.
Finally we signed an agreement.
I went to demand, and they sent me the information that I asked.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional tribunal failed the disbelief for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this little brown on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Three and five thousand trees of information.
At first I saw it, and I said, well, it's a huge file . Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a bit skeptical: what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I'm, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data means means.
So, next to Ze Online and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six months visualization of my life.
You can get up and get away, go back and forward.
You can see every step that I do.
And you can see how I'm from Frank in train to Columbia, and how often I call in the journey.
All of this is possible with this information.
That gives a little fear.
But it's not just about me.
It's all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me a few friends and they call them.
And then one call each other, and each other, and we end up with this big network of communications.
You can see how people are communicating each time they call each other, which hour sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who you talk to who, who gives you an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and even two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, had a mobile phone.
And the State had known who involved in this protest, and, if the State had known who the leaders were, this would never happen.
The fall of the Berlin Wall would never happen.
And in consequence, neither of the Course's Court.
Because today, the state agencies and the companies want to store so much information from us as possible within the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives, and they want to store them forever.
But self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today, you have to fight for regret.
You have to fight for that every day.
When you go home, give your friends that privacy is a 21st century value, and it's not a fashion.
When you go home, tell your representative that just because companies and state agencies can store certain information, they don't have to.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information is you.
So in the future, every time they use their mobile phones that are served to remember that they have to fight for self-determination in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
And I'm called Matton Zago, and I'm not drunk, but I know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, associating the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I've got cerebral palsy, so that's what I'm doing all the time.
Look.
It's exhausting.
And Muhammad Al.
The P C is not genetic.
It's not confidence, you can't contract.
No one made my mother's my mother and I didn't take it because my parents were prime brothers, even though they are.
It just happens by accidents, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration . And I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad about me, because at some point of life, they've been willing to be disabled.
Come on.
Christmas of Christmas, they're at the mall, they drive in circles looking for parking and what they see?
16 empty places for disabled.
And you think, "God, I can be at least a little disabled?"
In addition, I'm telling you, I have 99 problems, and GDP C. is just one of them.
If there was a game of the oppression, I would win the gold medal.
I'm Palestinian, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Cliffing Park in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same principles.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with brain palsy don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the "can't."
My father's mantra was, "You know, you can do it; dance you."
If my three major sisters, I cleaned.
If my three older sisters went to public school, my parents went to the school system, and they knew that I was too, and if we didn't take all the maximum notes, all of my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five, putting my heel into her feet and just walking.
Another technique I used was to hang on a dollar in front of me to get it.
The respect I'm wearing in was very strong and ...
Yes . The first day in the kindergarten garden was walking as a bottom champion that has received many hits.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs, and they're all of the family . I think nobody realized that we weren't Italian.
This was before 9/11 and that politicians would think appropriate to use "hatred to Muslims" as a campaign motto.
The people I grew up with did not have trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry a lot that he died from hunger during the Ramadan.
I told them that I had enough fat to live three months without eating, so I'll help the dawn, and it's very easy.
I danced in Broadway.
Yes, in Broadway . It's crazy . My parents couldn't pay the physical therapy, so I was sent to dance school.
I learned to dance with cars, or I can walk with heels.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a kid, so if my friends used to get heels, I also.
And when my friends were going to pass summer vacation on the coast of Jerusalem, I didn't go.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine all the summer, we would become Madonna.
In the summer vacation often, my father was trying to heal me, so I drink milk milk, put hot cups on the back, I immersed in the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought, "It works, it works."
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I've got to say that it's very boring, but before I did yoga, it was a state comedian that I couldn't stand up.
And now I can hold my head.
My parents reported this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at General Hospital.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the Arizona State, because it was in all the bodies.
It was like the pet of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all of the least smart tasks, I hit the maximum note in my classes, and also in their classes.
Every time I did a scene of the glass of my teachers, my teachers were crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a piece called Balanian very slow in Jackson.
It's a guy's work with cerebral palsy.
I was a girl with cerebral palsy.
So I started screaming at the four winds: "In the end, I'll have a role!
I have cerebral palsy!
Ultimately free!
Thank you for powerful God, I'm free."
He didn't get the paper . They gave it to Laurie Brown.
I went to find the director of the theater department, crying systematically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask him why, and she told me that because they thought I couldn't do the risk.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do the stunt stunts, I can't know the character."
It was a role that was literally born and gave it to a zero act without cerebral palsy.
College was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a rigid story of hearing actors without disability for disabled papers.
When I graduated, I went home, and my first electoral tour was kind of wrong in a television.
My dream made reality.
And I knew that it would be accepting "post" to "better friend," in a sanctity.
Instead, I stayed there like a vase, it didn't see me more than the number, and it was obvious for me that the director directors were no longer white, not white, with disability.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up looking at Whole Goldberg, North Barry, Ellen, and all these women had one thing in common: they were comedian.
That's why I was reminded.
In my first tour, I took famous cartoons from New York to New Jersey, and I'll never forget the face of the first cartoon that I took when I went up to realize that he was at high speed on the freeway of New Jersey with a driver who had cerebral palsy.
I worked in clubs of the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, no censor and no veil.
Some people say I'm the first board of the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know that they never heard that little unpleasant buzz, which says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother's brother and father, Dean opinion, and I launched the New York Agnert Festival Festival, now in his 10 years.
Our goal is to change the negative image of the Americans in media, and at the same time to remind the reports of repair that South and Arabic are not synonymous.
Interpreter Arabs was much easier than fighting against the challenge of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was an invited news program, and I was invited by cable news.
I walked in as if I went to a graduation dance, I got dragged to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Excuse me, can you give me another chair?"
She looked at me and he said, "Five, four, three, two."
And we were live.
So I went into the writer to not get out of the screen in the screen, and when I finished the interview, I was pale.
At the end, I had my opportunity and enjoyed it . I knew they wouldn't be invited.
But not only Mr. Forget came back to invite me, but it was kind of like a complete time, and I paid my chair.
Something fun that I learned with Keith Blue was that people in the Internet are Scotland.
It's said that children are cruel, but they never fall away from me or a little girl.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became objects.
I see clips online with comments like, "Why do you shy?"
"Is it delayed??"
And my favorite: "Poor Irous.
How disease has it?
We should really pray for it."
A speaker suggested even that I would add my disability to my rsum: shirt, card, paralyzed.
disability is as valuable as race.
If somebody in the wheelchair can't do a wheelchair, then Bell can't make somebody in the wheelchair.
The disabled are the -- yeah, clapping, man . Come on.
The discussions are the largest minority in the world, and the most supported in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said I didn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, I grew up with the media, I don't think I was.
I hope that together we could create more positive images of disability in the media and in everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that was less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children well.
My tourist trip has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet raised by the day of the Tunes Sunday, and the obvious College Arab.
I got to act in a film with Adam Land and to work with my idol, the incredible Dave Matthews.
So, I turned the world to say, "The Arabs have become crazy."
I was delegate to the great state of New Jersey at the CDC of 2008.
And I founded "The Children of Tamis," a charity to give young Palestinian refugees a number of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me acting in live, and he dedicated this talk to his memory.
People in peace, dad.
So, I'm called Matters Machine, and if I can, you can also.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small village.
I don't know your name, but I know your story.
It lives in a small village to the South of Somalia.
This town is near Mogadishu.
The drought drives the small village to poverty and the brink of the engineering.
With nothing for him there, you go to the great city, in this case, Mogglin, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there's no opportunity, there's no work, no perspectives of future.
He was living in a tent in the city to the outskirts of Mogadishu.
After a very hard year, nothing.
One day you get a gentleman who offers him to bring it to lunch, after dinner, to breakfast.
I know a dynamic group of people, which gives you a shock.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, their family.
He presented a young man.
It's actually home.
It starts a new life.
It has a goal of life.
A beautiful day at Mogadishu, under a blue sky, it bursts a bomb car.
That little boy in that little dream with dreams of the great quality was the suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were al Shadow, a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So, how do the story of a child from a little town trying to fulfill their dreams in the city with him moving?
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that he came up with.
This was the first thing that we call that what we call "waiting period."
And its story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the history of markets, young urban young urban people who are running riots in Johannesburg, they contain riots in London, who are looking for something beyond the period of waiting.
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of jobs, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffered from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three in five people who live in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the story of "expected hope," the door of access to terrorism, violence, gang, being the story of cities 2.0.
And in my birth of birth, Moggland, 70 percent of the young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't do practically anything.
I went back to Mogadishu last month, and I went to visit the Madison hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being to that hospital flying to basketball thinking, "If I never had gone?"
What if I had been forced to be in that same period of waiting?
Would I have become a terrorist???
I'm not really sure of the answer.
The reason that I was at MoGzlas that month was actually to harbor a few youth leaders in a business.
They came together to about 90 Somali leaders.
We sat in and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges to face the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to University of Mogadishu, he graduated.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he said to me, that because it was a graduate university, unemployed, frustrated, it was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited.
They were looking for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mogadishu, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets.
Vertical war years have completely destroyed the virtual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to move.
He saw a chance and leverage it.
He started a motorcycle company.
He started taking motorcycles to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with his family's help and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of photos over the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What makes this story different?
I believe that its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's business spirit, and I think business spirit may be the most powerful tool against waiting.
It practices young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to tell you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed Molepop, a flower.
He was helping to train some of the young people in the business of entrepreneurship and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiatives.
In fact, it's the first flower that microprocessor has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed came, if you wanted flowers to your wedding, I used to be plastic from the foreign.
If you ask somebody, "When was the last time you see fresh flowers?"
For those of you who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, "Never."
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a label of liberation and floral design.
He created a farm at the outskirts of Mushumbian, and he began to grow tuberculosis and lithium, which he said, could survive the hard weather of Mogadishu.
And it started the blood flower delivery, creating gardens in the homes, and the companies of the city, and now it's working in the creation of the first public park in Mogadishu in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mogadishu.
They want to create a space where families, young people can go together, and as he says, smell the proverbial rose.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is inspired by young people, and in that room, Mohamed's presence had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO, working for government, but their story, their innovation, actually had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunities.
He encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, that could be a change of change.
By the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
It was business solutions for local problems.
So to inspire young people and create a culture of business spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas real.
They need experience and guidance to fix them in development and put into their business.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, brilliant support they need to move from conception to creation, and they will create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed's not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park, this is how it calls it, when it's created, transform the way people see their city.
They're taking kids out of the street to help rent and to maintain the motors for him.
I gave them the opportunity of the "waiting period."
These entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is: you make young people in entrepreneurs, they include and feed their inherent innovation, and they'll have more stories about flowers and Parks of Peace that we combined and "waiting."
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to play with my dad in the Democratic Mountains, an area to Northern New York City.
It was a beautiful day.
Central forest.
The sun would make leaves shine as a glass, and not to be along the way that we did, almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings to put that land.
We got to our camp.
It was a conservation in a corner with sight to a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the operator there was a dump, about four square feet with apple hearts, and aluminum pieces of paper, aluminum paper.
And I was stunned, I was very angry and incredibly confused.
The campus who were too lazy to get what they had brought, who thought he was going to clean their garbage??
That question remained with me, and it's just a little bit.
Who clean our trash?
No matter how an organization or where you put the "ours," who cleans our trash in Istanbul?
Who clean our garbage in Rio or in Paris or London?
Here in New York, the Department of Health clean our trash, at the reason of 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recycled products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand what that work does.
What does the uniform feel like to use that charge?
So I started a research project with them.
He went on the trucks and she walked through his trajectories and interviewed people in offices and facility around the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intruder.
I needed more.
So I started working as a garbage writer.
Now I wasn't just traveling on trucks . I drove them.
And it operated the mechanical schools and bar the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
They all ask about smell.
It's there, but it's not as pervasive as you think, and in the days that it is very strong, you get used quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to the weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies continue to adjust the weight of taking over their body tons every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Office of Labor statistics, the collection of waste is one of the most dangerous occupation in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and enter the traffic every day, and you go through you.
You just want to go, so generally the driver is not paying attention.
That's really bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is filled with dangers who often fall out of the truck and causes terrible damage.
I also learned about the implant of the trash.
When you get out of the quantum, and you see a city from the back of the truck, you get to understand that garbage is as a force of nature itself.
Never stop coming.
It's also like a way of breathing or circulation.
It always must be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
And it seems to me that the stigma is especially ironic because I believe strongly that waste harvesting is the most important hand in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health proteins.
If you don't get rid of waste in efficient and effective, every day, this starts to melt away from your containers and your inherent dangers threaten in very real ways.
Disease that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and they start to go.
economics needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old thing we don't have a space for what the engines of the economy start to fail when they're in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, I just feel your relationship.
And then it's what I call our average speed.
And I'm just talking about the speed to which we used to move on contemporary.
We usually don't care, and we don't repeat, we clean or take with us our coffee cup, our handbags, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them up, we'll forget about them, because we know that there is a job force on the other side that it's going to fit away from it.
So today I want to suggest them a couple of ways to think about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Your job, I think, is almost logical.
They're on the street every day, an rhythmic.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you're waiting.
And their work allows us to do ours.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us out of ourselves, from our own waste, our challenges, and that flow must always keep one way or another.
One day after 9/11, of September 2001, I heard the grid of a waste collection truck on the street, grabbed my little child and went down the stairs running, and there was a man doing her recycled journey as he did all the Wednesday.
And I tried to thank her for doing his work that day in particular, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and he just nodded, and he said, "We're going to be good.
We're going to be good."
Shortly after that I started to investigate the collection of waste, and he went back to see that man.
It's called Paul, we worked together, and we did good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts for rethinking the way we exist on this planet as a species, we should include and have all the costs, even the very real human cost of the labor.
The municipal waste, what we think of when we talk about garbage, represent three percent of the amount of nation's waste.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one you see someone whose job is to clean up the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you.
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community's life being part of the environment where architecture was born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
And today I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They share the fact that the different analytics from different perspectives become an essential part of the ultimate architecture of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several floors in the capital of Ethiopia, Adam Ababa.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At the beginning, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out."
After seeing some of these buildings, there are many in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to restore.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very big stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Secondly, you need to employ a lot of energy because of the glass rate generates heat inside, so it's necessary.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year.
And third, its appearance has nothing to do with Africa or with Ethiopia.
It's a shame trying to be so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I was actually pushing with the ancient market which is this outdoor structure, where thousands of people, go and buy things every day at small marketers.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought that's what I really wanted to design, not a mall.
But the question was how to build a modern building, of several floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was introduced by inspired the site, which is located in an area of a lot of the city, where much of the buildings we now see in the picture, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was create a connection between these two streets, bringing all the inputs of the building.
And this is spread with an inclusive atrium that creates a space outdoors in the building that is automatically smooth, by its own way, from sun and rain.
And around this space, we've applied the market's idea with small businesses, which changes every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responded to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a tissue similar to a tablet of ants with drilling to allow the input of the air, also from light, but in a filter way.
Then we were inspired with these beautiful buttons of the steps of the Ethiopian.
They have the properties of fractal geometry and it helped me model the facade.
So we're building that with these little predictable parts that are the windows that let air and light in a controlled way inside the building.
This is filled with these little colors of colors that use the light of the building to light the building at night.
With these ideas, it wasn't easy to convince the developers, because I thought, "That's not a mall . It's not what we asked."
But ultimately we all realize that this guy's idea turned to be much more profitable than the commercial center, because at it, there was more local to sell.
And the idea of the facade was much more economic, not only because of the material in comparison with the glass, but also because it was no longer necessary to have air conditioning.
So we got certain savings in the budget we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we get a big advantage in the roof.
And then under those panels we think about the roof as a new public space with gathering areas and bars that create this urban oasis.
And these parks in the roof, which in the roof collect water for the health care.
It waits for the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master 200 apartment plan in Tunisia City.
And to make a project that big, the biggest one that I designed, needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis, I had a special attention in the middle, a $1,000 year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with twelve doors of access connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation that we did was expand the existing streets, creating 12 initial blocks in size and features that are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic dots in relation with the idea of the doors that are interconnected with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the little cell of the project, as the apartment, as a core part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best sentence for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate?
And it's north, as it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we set up a scheme that sure that most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with courtyards, and then on the low plant, we have all the connections for pedestrians.
And it also responds to local norms that stabilize a higher density at the superior levels and a lower density on the bottom.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like fixing the community the space occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, you can go up and monitor, and do things like running a two miles race, or jump from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives change to the local communities and economies in the same rate that buildings grow.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple, but affordable solutions, which improved the relationship between the community and the environment and that have as a goal connecting nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight, a new girl went up to our class . It was so remarkable, as you see all new girls.
I had great amounts of very bright hair and a small straight, cute . It was super strong for the capital of states, very good for orgasm.
I ended up that year and I was filled with jealousy, until I brought my sinister plan.
I was a time after the school came out of school . It was a little late, and I hid in the girls' bathroom.
When the coast was off, he went out, he walked into the classroom, he took the table of my teacher, the book of grades.
And then, I did.
Although the ratings of my rivals, just a little bit, just some like this.
All the way, and I was willing to return the book to the crate, but to see, some of my other fellows had very good notes as well.
So in a brakes, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of the rows of God and myself a row of like this, just for being there, as I could.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came.
I don't understand why I felt good.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I didn't catch.
It was all it was completely obvious.
They never discovered me.
But especially, I'm missing the reason why I was bothered that this little girl, so small, it was so good for order.
I'm interested in jealousy.
They're so mysterious and so persuasive.
We know that babies suffer from jealousy.
Also primates . The blue birds are very likely.
We know that cells are the number one cause of magnitude murders in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzes loneliness, or the long duration or the sadness.
So, you have to go to fiction, because the novels are like the laboratory of the cells in all their possible forms.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no cells, I'd have no literature.
Well, there would be no Heliu the ice, and there would be no "Odysseus."
There would be no jealous king, not "The thousands and a nights."
There was no Shakespeare.
They would disappear in high school reading lists, because we're going to be losing "The Noise and the Force," there would be no "Pakistan" and "Paster" -- we'll lose from "Mount Bolt" and "Anna K."
Without jealousy, there is no Project . I know that Proust has the answers for everything, and, in terms of jealousy, almost it has all.
This year, 100 years of his master's work, "In search for the lost time," the most comprehensive study of sexual cells, and also about ordinary competitiveness, mine, everything we could have, and thinking about Project, we have the sentimental details, right?
We thought about a child trying to reconcile sleep.
So we think of a bloody humidity on your wash.
We forgot about how hard that image is.
We forgot how much it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Wool said were as hard as cat tricks.
I don't know what cat glass is, but we assume it's safe.
Let's see why they are so good together, the novel and the jealousy -- the cells and the Projection.
It's going to be very obvious as the cells, which are reducing to the person, to their desire, to their impressions, are a good narrative?
I don't know . I think we get very close to bone, when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy.
When we feel cells, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being at the same time and the audience, we know exactly what details to include, to make the knife, right?
The cells make us all amateur novelists, and that's something that Project understood.
Everything that she does to become pleasure could give pleasure to another, maybe right now."
And it starts to say to himself that story, and since then, proposed says that every fresh love that Stanford has detected in his lover, he adds to his collection of tortured instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that South and Prostate, they were notoriously jealous.
You know, I would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so jealous to recognize that it's hard work . Right?
The cells are exhausting.
It's a hungry emotion . You have to feed it.
And how are the cells?
The cells broke the information.
The cells use the details.
The cells like the big amounts of bright hair and cute and small pencil.
The cells are nutrients of the photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful . It's rather successful the language of the academic language with the jealousy.
When Standard is in his jealousy angle, suddenly he's hearing behind the doors and bribes to the services of his lover, then defined those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know that you think this is disgusting, but it's not different to the interpretation of an old text or a memorial."
He says, "These are scientific research with real intellectual value."
Now, I'm trying to prove to prove that jealousy cells are being vulnerable, and they make us absurd, but in their mind, they're a search for knowledge, search for the truth, a painful truth . In fact, what I think about, the more painful, the better.
Pain, humiliation, loss: these were the tracks to the wisdom of the press.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffer, causes us a much deeper range of feelings, than a wise man who can interest us."
Are we telling us that we're going to look for cruel women?
No . I think it's trying to say that the jealousy will reveal ourselves.
Is there any other emotion that makes us open up in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveals us our aggressive, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look with so much peculiar?
Freud would write on this later.
And a day, Freud was visited by a very clever young woman who was consumed with the idea that his wife deceive him.
And Freud says there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
So she was innocent; everybody knew it.
The poor creature was underground without any cause.
But he looked for things that he did his wife, without realizing, involuntary behaviors.
Does it sound too much, or do you accidentally laugh with a man??
Freud says that the man was becoming the custody of his wife's unconscious.
The novels are very good at this.
novels are very well described how the cells do to look with intensity, but without precision.
In fact, the more intensely we are, the more we become the residents of fantasy.
And because of this reason, I think, the jealousy cells lead us to make violent or illegal acts.
The cells drive us to behave very carefully.
Now I'm thinking about me at eight years, I recognize it . But I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman from Michigan from 52 years old was captured to have created a false account on Facebook from the one who was submitted, horrible, for a year.
For a year . Every year.
She was trying to join the new girl from his boyfriend, I have to confess that when or this, they reacted with admiration.
Because, we're realistic.
How big, even though, creativity . Right?
It's like novel.
It's like a name of a Hawciter Heritage.
Hogg is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character from American literature.
It's the author of "strangers in the Tree" and "The Maria Marine Reed," books that are about how the jealousy cells are, confused our minds, and once we're in the sphere, in the realm of the jealousy, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be lazy in an instant.
We took Tom Riok, his most famous character.
Tom Repedish is going to me or want what you're going to approach about you to be, and to stand on what you ever had, and it's under the floor . responds to your name, take your rings, touch your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take Tom Riok's route.
I can't give you all the world, as much as I want.
It's a pity, because we live in time.
We live in jealousy times.
I mean, we are good citizens of social networks, where is the currency? Right?
novels show us the exit? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not safe, when they're in front of a mystery.
So let's go to Baker Street and ask the Shakespeare Hills.
When people think of the Hollywood, he thinks about the curse in the Murray Professor, that criminal genius.
But I've always decided [to] inspired, the head of rat from Scott Air who needs Hollywood desperately, needs the genius of Hollywood, but it's annoyed.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Alexander needs their help, but the smart thing, and the bubbles with disgust on each of the mysteries.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Avenue of The Six National Nations," once Homo comes in, he reaches all with his solution, Respect comes back to Hillards and says, "We're not jealous, Mr. Holly.
We are proud of you."
And he tells him that there's not a person in Scott York that I didn't want to put my hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Homo translated in history . I think this is very emotional . That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the dolphins as a problem of geometry, without emotion.
You know, in a Hollywood minute, it's on the opposite side of freedom.
The next minute they are in the same side.
Suddenly, Resilinel allows us to admire that idea of being him.
Could it be so simple?
What if honeybees are really an issue of geometry, just a matter of where we allow us to be relative to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to feel about the excellence of the other.
We can relate with it.
But I like to get the power plans.
So as we wait for that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction fiction.
It's just the fiction of the fiction.
The fiction used the domestic, invited them to the table.
And look at what I added: the sweet Resilien, the transportation Tom Royal Royal, the crazy Stanuty, the same March Project.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve great problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped outside of Apollo 11, and he went down on the Sea Sea.
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but their presence on the surface of the moon surface was the culmination of a collective collective process.
The Apollo program was the biggest mobilization in the history of America.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo was working at about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
People died, including Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo program, 24 men went to the Moon.
Doaa walked on their surface, which is the Albert after Armstrong's death last year, is now the oldest.
So why were they?
They didn't get a lot of turn: 38 pounds of old rocks, and something that the 24 emphasize after, a new sense of the fish and fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical response is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to show the Soviets, that this nation had better rockets.
But Kennedy's own words at Rice University in 1962 give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy: Some question, why the moon?
Why convert it into our goal?
And you might also ask, why would you scale the highest mountain?
35 years ago, why fly over the Atlantic?
Why do I play against Texas.
We choose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the Moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Point: For the contemporaries, the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the Cold War.
In the time, the strongest emotion was to wonder with the transcendence of the power of technology.
It was because it was a great thing to do it.
The landing in the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological triumph.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and airplane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the pollination is eradicated and removed the smallpox.
The technology seemed to be able to put what Alvin Toletbia in 1970 called "acceleration force."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a sailing boat, but in 1969, the Apollo of Apollo 10 was worth 40,000 miles an hour.
Since 1970, no human being has gone to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than Apollo 10, and the optimistic joy about the power of technology is evaporated by seeing that problems that we imagine is to go to Mars, create clean energy, cure cancer, or feeding the world population seemed to have an interesting result.
I remember looking at Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that they don't look at the climbing tube of the rocket Saturn V.
I knew vividly that this would be the last stage mission, but I was completely sure I'd come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that "Something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology," has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologists had distract us, and they have been enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, and social networks and social networks, or algorithms that speed the automated sale.
There's nothing bad in most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a dopamine explanation in Silicon Valley, which is that you've created less ambitious companies than the years when Intel, Microsoft, Apple and Gene.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the bumps, in concrete, the incentives that risk capitalists offer entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk caused the creation of transformative ideas by funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this is good enough.
It's mostly explaining what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the capitalists of risk were at their point, without worrying about the risk, they would prefer small investments, microbial investments that they could get in 10 years.
The CIA has always had problems to invest with benefits of technologies as an energy, which need a huge capital, and whose development is long-term . They have never invested in developing technologies that are meant to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate business value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and deeper.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that would never happen.
We don't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar, wind and biomass -- less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic.
Coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than the bubble.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price . There are no.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treaties would increase the development of an alternative energy: mostly, a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of coal price.
But there is no hope in the political climate today that we see an energy policy in America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that seem to be technological, are not to be.
We know for a long time that the hunger are turned out of failure on food.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect the distribution of food.
Technology can make things better like strokes or systems for storage and food repair, but there will be hungry while of bad governments.
Finally, the big problems sometimes smell a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1971, but soon we found that there are many types of cancer, some sexually resistant to treatment, and only in the last 10 years it seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
Hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we have to, but these four elements have been present: political leaders and population need to be to solve the problem; the institutions have to support the solution; it should be really about a technological problem, and we should understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, it fits with those criteria.
But it's a model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There's not a Palestinian competition like at the Cold War, there's not a politician like John Kennedy who hurt the hard and the dangerous, and there is no popular mythology of science fiction as to explore solar system.
In general, going to the Moon turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We're just in our present, and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get.
God knows we don't have the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by giving you the general ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they have become the hubs of our society.
I think it's three.
The first is a record: there's been a great decline of trust, it's a very pervasive belief.
The second is a goal: we should have more confidence.
And the third is a task: we should recover trust.
I believe that the recruitment, the goal, and the task have gone wrong.
So what I'm going to try to tell you about today is a different story about a rectangle, a goal and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea on the subject.
First of all, I'm like, "Why do people think confidence has dropped?"
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I urge to think that it may have gone in some activities or institutions, and it could have risen in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can go back to the opinion polls, and the opinion polls are supposed to be the source of belief that trust has declined.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there aren't many evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were downloaded 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians are still inspired by the same mistrust.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still quite reliable: judges, nurses.
The rest we are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly half the way.
But is this obvious enough evidence?
What the opinion survey is, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see is the generic assets that people make when they're asked certain questions.
Do you trust politicians? Trust trust?
Now, if someone would ask you, "Trust trust?
Do you trust the fishermen??
Do you trust teacher teachers?
They probably started to ask, "To do what??"
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you might say, when you've answered your question, "Well, trust in some, but you don't."
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to depositing confidence differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust we're going to feel about a certain kind of officer, works or kind of person, is going to be united in all cases.
I could, for example, say that I have a certain marketing teacher that I know to give the kind of reading, but no way to drive the molecular microbes.
After all, I could know that it was not a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but not, maybe, to get a secret.
Simple.
And if we've gotten those evidence in our everyday lives of the way trust is differentiated, why are all that knowledge when we think about trust more abstract?
I believe that polls are very bad tools to measure the true level of real confidence, because they try to turn the good inherent judgment in the fact of trusting something or someone.
Secondly, what about the goal??
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I would chase.
I would stop having more confidence on what trust is, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a party of not trusting what is not reliable.
And I think that those people who played their savings with the very openly named Mr. Madoff, who then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, well, yes, they were too confident.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
Confidence deployed or denied with intelligence, that's the right goal.
Once you say that, that says, yeah, it's worth, that means that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it is about making a judgment about how reliable people are in certain aspects.
And I think in order to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are you competent? Are you honest? Are you responsible??
And if you find that one person is competent in permanent materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of confidence.
But if you're not responsible, you couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competent and honest, but I wouldn't trust them to take a letter in the mail, because they're forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm happy to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends who are competent and responsible, but extremely unexpected.
If it's like that, I'm still not perceived.
But that's what we're looking for: trustworthiness before you trust.
Trust is the answer.
trustworthiness is what we need to judge.
And, of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've been trying to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, functional and so forth, that would make us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party, and he said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative paper than the part itself."
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional, that the realization system that is destined to guarantee trustworthiness and reliability evidence is actually doing the opposite.
What they do is to spread the work of people who have to make hard tasks, like the parts, demanded that "mark the boxes," as we say.
I'm sure you all know similar examples.
All of that, by the goal.
I believe that the goal should be more trustworthiness, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of confidence and we transmit people that we are reliable, and if we try to determine whether other people, functioning or political are worthy of trust.
It's not easy . It's the trial, the simple action, the attitudes, which doesn't make.
Third, the task.
To call the task rebuild confidence, put things into the back.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct the trustworthiness.
We can do it if it's two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in definition, is distinctive because we do.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough bases so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't deny, usually, all the people, all the time.
But you also have to get a lot of good evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That's done every day, everywhere, the common people do, officials, institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I bought my socks says that I can give you back without giving explanation.
I'm bringing them back and back the money, or you change them by the color that I want.
That's great . I rely on them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson in that.
If you get vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good test that you're worthy of trust, and you have confidence on what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think that what we're pointing on is not very hard to describe.
What people trust is relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of confidence.
Thank you.
From the beginnings of computers, we've been struggling to reduce the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which the imagination can be downloaded.
This separation has been reduced, increasingly and more, at the point that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of a glass screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I wonder, if there were no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
First I created this tool that goes in in the digital space, so that when the strong press against the screen was to the screen of their physical body.
Designers can material their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs under the screen.
So, with this tool, they break the barriers.
But the two hands remain still out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands?
In the disconnect of Microsoft's Apple Science, along with my mentor Cate Bollywood, he wrote the computer and transformed a small space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
By combining a transparent visit with cameras of depth to detect the fingers and the face, you can now raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside of the 3D space, and grab pixels directly with the hands.
As windows and archives have a location in real space, select it is as easy as taking a book out of a shelf.
You can take the book and it hits lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that's below every floating screen.
The architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with the hands.
In these examples, we entered the digital world.
What if we invest the paper and we make digital information come to us?
Surely, a lot of us will have bought and bring things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry.
What I have here is a virtual computer worker.
This is the vision that you get from a device in your head or translated it when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make it physical that we can touch them and feel it?
What would a future be like?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator Reizon Post, we created this only physical pixel.
This spherical magnet behaves like a 3D pixel in space, which means that both the computer as the users can move the object anywhere in this little three-dimensional space.
simplify, what we did was to rethink gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation, mechanical action and detectors.
And by programming the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can record and go back to reproduce and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach, physically, at the distance, and the famous shot of Michael Jordan can reproduce as a physical reality the time we wanted.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, physics, and unlike the monitors or the textbooks, this is a real and palpable experience that you can play and feel . It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating to change the physical part of computer is figuring out how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not only going to show us something but it will begin to act directly about us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without we have to disconnect ourselves from our world.
We start the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that remains is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a giant for two years in London, China, in the '70s.
When I first was at first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a school for athletes with all expenses.
But my tiger mother said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they believed strongly that there was just a heart path to happiness: a safe and good job.
No matter whether the job would like it or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer.
This was me, in my imagination.
A opera singer has to start to train from very young to learn the jobs, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
And I wrote the director of school and the president of a radio program.
But no adults gave the idea.
No adults took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were children, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15, I knew that it was too much higher to train.
My dream would never be done.
It feared, for the rest of my life, a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire.
And this was so unfair.
So I looked out to find another vocation.
Nobody around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
It took the books.
["Complete works" by Neanderthals -- aka "The Listeners of the History," I came to the United States in 1995, and what were the first books I read here?
Those who were forbidden in China, of course.
"The Good Earth" is about the Chinese pop-up life.
And it's not a conventional propaganda . I understood.
The Bible is interesting, but it's odd.
That's a subject for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation: "Tell your father and your mother."
"honor," I said, "It's so different, and much better than obey."
And so it became my tool to get out of this conflict trap and to reinvent the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave place to my computer reading habit.
He brought many perspectives.
For example, this map seemed out of place, because this is what the students in China learn.
Now, I had never happened to me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves the perspective of people.
Computer reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research fields like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Compare and contract, offers the academics a deeper understanding of a topic.
And I thought that if comparative reading worked to investigate, why not do it in the everyday life?
So I started reading books about two.
They can deal with Walter Islamic's "Benjamin Franklin" -- "John Adams," that they were involved in a same deal, or friends with shared experiences.
For Christ, the temptation is economic, political and spiritual.
For the Buddha, they're all psychological: lust, fear and social -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
["The Camp of Chinese Turk") Thomas Market -- Alan Watson -- instead of being lost in translation, I found that you can make a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation I realized that "happiness" in Chinese literally means "rapid joy ." Ha!
And "girlfriend" in Chinese, it literally means "new mother ." Oh.
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people in the past and the present.
I know it's not going to be used or powerless never.
Having a developmental dream is really not compared to what many others have suffered.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Its most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Even a destructive dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, which I'm here today, happy, living again with purpose and clarity, most of the time.
So, the books always get them.
Thank you.
Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychology of psychotherapy.
I was a Ph.D. student in Beach psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26 year-old woman named Alex.
Alex walked into the first session, using jeans, and a blood table, he threw into the couch of my office, and he took up the shoes and said he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so relieved.
My classmates had a pyramid as a foreground.
And I played a nightmare who wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the funny stories that Alex brought into the sessions, it made me easy only to move their head as we delay the solution.
"The 30s are the new windows," he said Alex, and so I saw, she was right.
You start working later, you're home later, you have kids later, to death later.
For vegetables like Alex and I had time.
But slowly, my supervisor prepared me to push Alex to talk about his loving life.
I was resistant.
I said, "Of course, he's coming out with the guys under his category, he sits on a thick head, but he's not like it was to marry him."
And then my supervisor said, "No, but maybe she married the next one.
Also, the best time to work on Alex marriage is before you marry."
This is what psychologists call a "Aha!" moment.
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20.
Yeah, people feel head after what was used, but it didn't make the 20th of Alex were a pause in their development.
This made the 20th of Alex to be the perfect time and we were wasting it.
So I realized, this kind of benign negative class was a real problem, and it had real consequences, not just for Alex and his love life, but for the careers, the families and the futures of mine everywhere.
There are 50 million cellphones in America today.
That means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider that no one comes to adulthood without going before the 1920s.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20s.
I want to see the glasses here.
Oh yeah! They're incredible.
If you work with flowers, you love a glass, you remove a Friday, I want to see . It's okay . Incredible, the deserts of truth matter.
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will be 35.
So this means that eight out of 10 decisions and experiences and moments "Aha!" which shapes their life would have happened for when they have 30 and so many.
The people of over 40, they don't get in panic.
This audience is going to be well, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact on how many money they will win.
We know that over half of Americans are married, they live or they're coming out of their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and last growth stage in its 20s and replicated for the adulthood, which means that if there's something you want to change themselves, now is the moment to change.
We know that persuasion changes more times during their 20s than any other time of life and we know that female fertility comes to 28, and things become complicated at 35.
The 1920s are the time to educate about their body and their choices.
When we think about developing the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which your life and common life has an impact behind the person who will become.
But what we don't hear often is that there is something called adult development and our 60s is a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the vessels are hearing.
newspapers talk about changes in the line of adulthood.
Researchers call the age of 20.
The journalists add ridiculous names to the vegetables as "tweets" and "models."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a privacy which is actually the decade of adulthood.
Leonardo Bernstein said that to get great things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think that happens when you give a little seal on your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?"
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition, and it's absolutely nothing.
And then every day, smart, interesting, like you or children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know that my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't realize . I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "Everybody says that as I start a race before the 30, everything will be fine."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20s are to end, and I still have nothing to show.
I had better curriculum the day I graduated from college."
And then I started sound like this: "My quotes during the '60s were like the game game.
They all run and fun, but then at some point around the 1930s, the music came off and they all started sitting.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stand up, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when she was 30."
Where are the vessels here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme, but they don't get wrong, the risks are very high.
When a lot of things are left by the '30s, there's a huge pressure to the 30s and so many of the start a race, choose a city, choose a mate, and have two or three children in a much shorter time.
A lot of these things are not compatible, and there are research that they start to show, which is much more difficult and stressful to do every once to 30.
The middle age crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing that you can't have the career you want now.
I realize you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give a brother to your son.
A lot of different ones and Scrappers see themselves, and they were sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20s, "What was I doing?"
I want to change what the vessels are doing and thinking.
So here's a story about how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At the age of 25, Emma came to my office because I was, in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said that he would like to work in art or entertainment, but he couldn't yet decide, so I spent the last few years working as waiter.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend who showed more than ambition.
And despite a living about 20 very difficult, his previous life was even more difficult.
He cried in our sessions, but then she lifted himself in saying, "You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new battle for director, and I had spent every morning by doing it with her many contacts, but then you kept watching the empty space that goes after the words, "In case of emergency, please call me to ..."
I was at the point of the story when he saw me and he said, "Who's going to be for me if I have a car accident?
Who's going to take care of me if I give cancer?"
At that time, I got a lot of work to do, and I wouldn't say, "I am."
What Emma needed was not a therapy that really is worried.
And Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex to just sit as the decade of Emma was going ahead.
So, for the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all dress, man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I told Emma to forget about that identity crisis and had identity capital.
For identity capital, I mean to do something that's going to take value to your person.
Doing something that's an investment in what you want to be later.
He didn't know the future of the email of Emma, and no one knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generating capital of identity.
So now it's the time for that work on the other side of the country, from that gut, of that company that you want to test.
I'm not cutting up the feedback, I'm disappearing the exploration that should not count, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's programming.
I told Emma to explore jobs and make them tell.
Secondly, I told Emma that urban tribes are busy.
The best friends are great to take the airport to the airport, but the waste that they together with friends with minds are limited in who they know, what they know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who's going to get almost always comes from outside of its nearest circle.
The new things come from what's called weak friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the signals have a bad job or don't have work.
But the other half is not, and the weak bonds are the way to color this group.
Half of the working workers are never published, then, knowing the chief of your neighbor is the way to get a job didn't be published.
It's not cheating . It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, but not less, I think you don't choose your family, but your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a reef, Emma soon choose his family, when he has a partner and her own family.
I told Emma that time to choose his family had come.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to sit the head than 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But choose the person that you live with now, or you're reading now when everyone in Facebook starts walking into the high school.
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that involves being so intentional in love as you are at work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or kill time with anyone who calls them.
So what about Emma?
Well, we looked at that director, and she found the roommate of a cousin that was working in a museum of art in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
The job supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend to live with.
Now, five years later, it's special organized of events in museums.
This married man with a man who he chose consciously.
He loves his new career, he loves his new family, and he sent me a letter that said, "Now, the spaces of emergency contact are not big enough."
The story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love working with winds.
It's very easy to help them.
The permaness are like airplanes who come out of the Los Angeles airport, which are somewhere in the west.
Just before the takeoff, a slight fit in his trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji.
In the same way, at 21 or at 25, even at the age of 29, a good conversation, a good disagreement, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or even the next generation.
Here's my idea of spreading to all the CEOs you know.
It's as simple as I learned to say to Alex.
That's what I'm privileged now to tell you as Emma every day: The dragonflies are not the 200, they do their adulthood, they get identity capital, they use their weak ties, they choose your family.
They're not allowed to define what they didn't know or what they didn't.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in management for a job that was even more demanding: the doctrine.
And I went to teach them mathematics to extremely grade students in public schools in New York.
As any teacher, I applied exams and tests.
I give you homework.
When the work came back, I calculated the ratings.
What struck me was that City was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance didn't have I.Q . scores.
Some of my smartest children weren't going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of things you need to learn in math in seventh grade, sure, are difficult: proportion, decimal, the area of a parallel.
But these concepts are not impossible, and it was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and over time enough.
After several years, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure a better way.
It's C, but what if I succeed in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn very quickly and easy?
So I left the cars and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying kids and adults on all kinds of challenging scenarios, and every study my question was, who's successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the West Point Millennium Academy.
We tried to predict what chains remained in the military training, and who would be retired.
We went to the National College College, and we tried to predict what children would be able to do in competition.
We studied novel teachers working on really difficult neighborhoods, wondering how teachers are going to be teaching for the end of the school and those, who will be the most effective of the results of learning their students?
We associate with private companies, wondering, which of these slides are going to keep their jobs?
And who will make more money?
In all of those very different contexts, a feature arose as a significant prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, physical health, and it wasn't the I.Q.
It was determination.
determination is passion and perseverance to reach very long-term targets.
determination is to have resistance.
determination is clinging to its future, day after day, not only for the week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to do that future.
determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a race at all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying determination in the public schools of Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who were doing my questionnaires of determination, and then waited around a year to see who they graduate.
It turns out that the children with more determination were significantly greater likely to graduate, even when employees in every characteristic that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized testing, even the security that children felt when they were in school.
So not only is it in West Point or in the National Valley competition where the determination matters . It's also in school, especially for children at risk of killing it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, the little thing that science knows about their development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop the determination in children?
What should I do to show kids a solid job ethic?
How do you keep them motivated for the long term??"
The most honest answer is, I don't know . What I know is that the talent doesn't give you any determination.
Our data very clearly show that there are a lot of talented individuals that just don't keep ahead with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the default determination is not related to, or it's even related to the measurements of talent.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called growth mindset.
This is an idea developed at the University of Stanford by Carol Deck, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change the effort.
Dr. Dick has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes in response to challenge, they're much more likely to perceive it when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So the mentality of growth is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where I end up my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have in front.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they're successful, and we need to be willing to fail, to complain, to start with the lessons learned.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our kids more determined.
Thank you.
Growing in Taiwan as the daughter of a crop, one of my most stressed memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and the figure of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I'm wonder for this incredible language.
But for a foreign, it seems as impossible as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can melt this wall, so that you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new, rapid method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I began to learn how to draw each of the pieces of every single face in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic understanding 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read traffic signals, restaurant menus, understanding the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
You open your mouth as much as possible until it's square.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
People.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms in both sides, as if it was screaming in a funny way, "Hollywood! I'm burning me!" This symbol is actually original of the way I call it, but I like to believe that it's the other way.
This is a tree.
Tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors of a song in the old West.
I call radical to these eight characters.
They're building blocks to believe many more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's "follow."
As the ancient said, two are company, three are crowd.
If one person sends their arms, this person is saying, "It was this big."
The person inside the mouth, the person's caught.
It's a prisoner, like Jones inside of the whale.
A tree is a tree . Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the foundations.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's an idiot .' I just remember remembering, because a flat tree is pretty idiots.
Remember the fire?
Two fire together, it becomes very hot.
Three fires together, that's a lot of flames.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burning.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two together, phosphorus.
Three together, those are flashes.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the shine.
It also means tomorrow, after a day and a night.
The sun comes out of the horizon . Amazing.
A door . put a table inside the door, is the color of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
He played, did there have someone at home?
This person is coming out of a door, climbing, available.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing.
Three women together, be careful.
So we've gone through almost 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical eight will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every small effort, they'll be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters, which is the same thing as an eight-year-old Chinese learn.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating phrases.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a mountain of fire . It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the born sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin, because Japan is east of China.
So a sun next to the origin, we created Japan.
A person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left are two mountains stacked on one another.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile, because the Chinese firms would hold their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, the exile has become coming out.
A mouth that tells you where to come out is a salt.
This is a slide to remind you that I should stop talking and down the stage . Thank you.
What I prefer to be dad is the movies I get to see.
I love sharing my favorite films with my children, when my daughter was four, we saw the Wizard of Oz together.
The film dominated his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Linda, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and bring a magic route.
But seeing that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
Now we live and we grew our children in a kind of industrial complex show.
However, the Wizard of Oz was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a fourth years later with, interestingly, another film whose protagonist, a metal boy and a heavy kid rescued a girl dressed as a gender guard.
You know what I'm talking about? Yes.
There's a big difference between these two films, there are a couple of big differences between the Oz magician and all the movies we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Mag of Oz.
monkeys are pretty aggressive, like apples.
But I think that if the magician of Oz was done today, the magician would say, "Dorothy, you're the Olympics of Oz as I predicted it."
They use magical shoes to defeat the electronic electronics of the evil arm.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing in the magician's magician is that the most heroic, wise, single-celled characters are women.
I started noticing this when I saw Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that point, I had a child.
Of just three years.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second child, and the survival level had gone down, so he used in the room and she was impressed as a mom leg with his tags behind, and I didn't think he understood what was going on, but inevitably, he absorbed everything.
I wonder what it was.
Would it be issues of value, perseverance and loyalty?
Would you have the feeling that Luke joined an army to break the government?
So we'll compare this with the Okay magician of 1939.
How do Dorothy win his film?
It's making good friends with everyone and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow up to grow up, and not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much, F capital force, strength in the movies for our children, and so little on the road of yellow bricks?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it . It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus.
Now, for experience that the Leonardo princess doesn't provide the right frame that I would have served to navigate around the world of adults that are mysterious . I think at the time of the first kiss, I really hoped that the credit would begin to appear because it's the end of the film, right?
My search has finished, I have a girlfriend.
Why are they still there?
I don't know what I should do.
The films focus on defeat the villain and get their reward, and they don't leave any time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like to be a kid, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are many exceptions, and defend the princess of Disney in any of you.
But they send a message to children, even though they, kids, are not really their public.
They do a phenomenal work by teaching girls how to defend the patriarchy, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and like Nike and Katherin, but they don't stop being movies.
Of course, the most successful issue of all the time continues to look like classic after classical, each of them on the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and their son, or two men who would create a child.
Until, as many of you are thinking, this year, I finally went out.
I recommend all of you . It's already available in shops.
Do you remember what the Critic did when it came out?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a film of a princess.
It's very good . Don't let that stop!
Well, almost none of these films go on the Pension test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't been exhausted, and it's spread, but maybe we'll start a movement.
Mr. Helvetten is a comic drawing, and in the mid-'80s, he recorded a conversation that he had with a friend about the evaluation of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple . There are only three questions you have to do: in the movie, is there more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some time in the movie?
Their conversations are about something more apart than the kid you like? Okay? Thank you . Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about each other.
It's happening . I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the film we know and love.
In fact, this week went to see a very good quality, August.
Right? Oscar of Oscar, talking success, an idea of consensus of what is a Hollywood film.
Virtually, I didn't have the Bengo test.
And I don't think I should, because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in a ambassador where men and women are hiding during the crisis of the container.
We have many scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations on this hiding, and it's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look down the door and say, "You're coming to bed, honey?"
This is Hollywood.
So, look at numbers.
In 2011, of the most popular films, how many of them do you think they have female protagonists?
You go . It's not bad.
It's not the same percent that the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's okay.
But there's a greater number than this one that's going to decode this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says that it has been added sexually ever in their life.
I don't think it's the fault of mass entertainment.
I don't think the kids for kids have something to do with that.
I don't think that music videos or pornography are closely linked to, but something wrong, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is there's a huge amount of sexual arrangements.
Who are those guys? What are you learning?
What don't they learn?
And you're measuring the story that the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't speak?
Are we looking at that story??
You know, as a father with privilege to raise a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we found this world and this very alarming statistic, and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our disposal as a power, and we expect that to help, but I have to ask, "Is it going to protect them if, at the same time active or passively, are we educating our children to keep their male power?"
I mean, I think Netflix's list is a way to do something really important, and here I am primarily talking to parents.
I think we need to show our kids a new definition of man.
The definition of masculinity is radically changing.
You'll have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the consumer.
It's all changing.
When I asked my daughter, what was her favorite character of Star Wars know what he responded??
Obama.
Obama Kennedy and Linda.
What are these two?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those films that they know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want to tell my son: Go and struggle only and more stories where you saw that their work is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, to help other people improve and be better people, like Oz de Oz.
Thank you.
As a kid, I lived in Maine and one of the things I liked most was to look for sea cookies on the coast of Maine, because my parents told me that I would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered with sand, and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I began to see shapes and patterns that helped me to hang them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love by past and archaeology.
And finally when I started studying Egyptian, I realized I'm going to do with my own eyes was not enough.
Because suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of nearly 1,300 pounds of length.
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to see another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use the infrared.
This is a place in the East Delta of Egypt called Bengarian.
And the place, in the naked sight, seems to be brown, but when we use the infrared, and we process it by using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink.
What you're seeing is the actual chemical changes of the landscape caused by the construction materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city called DISPA, lost for thousands of years.
IT was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in Cairo, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
Egyptians have always known that Ilibriotic was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, pointed inside the red circles here, but somewhere inside this huge aluminum planning.
This area is enormous, it's about half a half a mile.
Before, the Nile flows right next to IT, and as he changed over time, he moved into the east and covered the whole city.
So how do you find a city in an extensive landscape?
So, trying to find the random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves.
So, we use NASA topographic data to make a map map, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the Nile flows.
But you can see more detailed, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see within the circle here, which we think could be the location of illustration.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sample jobs -- you can see it here.
When I say, it's like the taxis atoms, but instead of layers of climate change, we're looking for human occupation layers.
Five meters down below a thick layer of slime, we found a dense layer of clothes.
Now, this means that in this possible location of Italy, five feet down, we have a layer of a number of hundreds of years that are in the Middle Empire, exactly the same period that we think is Islamic.
We also find stone jobs, coordination, quartz and cat, which shows that there was a jewelry shop.
This might seem to be that it's not a lot, but when we think about the most common rocks that are used in the jewel of the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have a dense layer of occupation that data from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have an evidence of a elite jewelry workshop that shows that what's been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find it here, but let's go back in a future nearby future.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries.
I want to finish with my favorite quote of the Middle Empire, probably was written at Islamic 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is most of all the voices.
There is nothing like that on land.
So according to it, TED wasn't founded in 1984.
It made the ideas happen in 1984 really started in 1984, in a city lost not for a long time and found from high.
It certainly puts up sea shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door.
I would like you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that you're made.
Now you look at a group of obese obesity.
They're competing in a non-profit, and they're going on to their entry door.
I need you to see this really.
They're strangely smoking, they're sweating, they're getting a lot.
And they collide the door of your house.
There are bicycles flying everywhere, the wheels that happen next to your side, the wheels of the wheels that end up in absurd places . You go through the door.
To the lobby, to the hallway, or what there's on the other side of the door, and watch the quality of light . The light is shining over the Mallows of the Galapagos.
They're waving them.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that I'm talking about.
You can feel your blue fur by making them in the nose.
You can smell the container cookie and you're about to get in your mouth.
You walk on a side and you train your living room.
Now in the room, and making a peak use of its imagination, imagine Britney Spears.
He's with a little bit of clothes, dancing about his core mass, singing "Hit Baby One Morea Time."
Now, keep the kitchen.
The ground has been coated with a path of yellow bricks and from the oven come to you Dorothy, the Man of Letter, the Spaceships and the lion of "The Wizard of Oz," closed from the hands, jumping up to you.
Okay . Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that's done every spring in New York.
It's called the "American Mendom Commentary."
I went covering this event a few years ago, a scientific journalist, waiting, I suppose that this was like the end of a wise superpower.
There were several men and a few different ladies of different ages and different habits of hygiene.
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers, looking at it just once.
They memorized dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorized entire poems in just minutes.
I compete to see who could memorize the order of a nanoty deck.
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people have to be a phenomenon of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This one is a man called Ed Cook who had come from England and has one of the best memories.
I said, "Ed, when do you realize you were a wise?"
And I said, "I'm not a wise.
Actually, I have a average memory.
Everybody who participated with this competition say they have normal memory.
"We've been trained to do these miraculous memory acts using some ancient techniques, invented two years ago in Greece, the same techniques that were using Cicero to memorize their speeches, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books."
And my reaction was, "Wow . How didn't I hear about this before?"
We were standing out of the competition room, and Ed, who's a wonderful, brilliant English, although a little bit exciting, he said, "Josh, you're an American journalist.
You know British Spears?"
And I said, "What? No, why?
"Because I'd like to teach Britney Spears how to memorize the order in a live character, in national television.
That would prove the world that anyone can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not British Spears, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, do you have to start for something?"
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not just training my memory, but also investigating, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what their potential might be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called Sky.
He's an ambition, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a memory problem; it's awesome.
Someone incredibly tragic, but it was a window that allowed to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
At the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Peer . He was based on the role of Duke Hoffman in the film "Rain Man."
We spent one afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorizing telephone fuels; it was celebrated.
And when I come back, I read a lot of treaties about writing memory something over 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the authenticity and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained memory, disciplined, cultured memory was not a thing as rare as it might seem to day.
A long time ago, people invested in their memory, to provide their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world possible, but we also have changed.
They have changed us culturally, and I would say that they have changed us as well.
As we almost don't have any need to remember, sometimes we think we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where people are still passionate about this idea of a trained, disciplined, cultured memory is this competition of memory.
It's actually not so unique; there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated, I wanted to know how they do these people.
A few years ago, a team of researchers at the University College of London invited a group of memory camps, to the lab.
Do you want to know: Is it that it has brains in some way, structural or automatically different from the rest of us??
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was really, no.
There was yet a really interesting and meaningful difference between the brains of memory and the memory of the memory of control that they were doing.
When they put them into a MRI machine, they scan their brains as they memorized numbers, faces and food copies, found that in the memory champions, they lit up parts of the brain, different to others.
They used, they used, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is driven as a armed career where each year comes in with a new way of remembering more things, faster, and then the rest of the competitors must be put a day.
This is my friend Ben Fire, three times a memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 33 snails of messy nests that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and just his domain.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 428 random girls.
Half an hour . Yes.
And while there's a large amount of ways to remember things in these competitions, absolutely all the techniques that are used at the end are reduced to one concept that psychologists call "electronic coding."
It's illuminating with an elegant paradox known as the "Baker" paradox.
That's his appetite.
And then I ask you, "Remember, there's a bathroom."
And when I come back later, and I ask you, "Remember that word that I told you to do a while?"
"What was it?"
The person who was told that his name is Baker's a little bit likely to remember the same word as the person he told his job is "trash."
Same word, different memory, that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Baker, it doesn't really mean anything for you.
All the other memories that dance for his head.
But the word, "battery" -- we know baker.
They use white hats.
They have flour in the hands.
They smell when they go home to work.
We probably know some baker.
And when we first heard that word for the first time, we start putting social gains to fight them at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is a 2,500 years ago.
It's known as the "memory palace."
The story goes like this: There was a poet called Simonish, which I attended to a ship.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it didn't bring to a DJ, it was hired to a poet.
He stood up, he received his poem of memory, and he stood, and so soon it was, the forest hall collapsed.
Let everyone.
But it doesn't just kill them all, but it turns out the bodies will leave them.
Nobody could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting.
So they couldn't bury the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Two of them, standing out, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble, closed your eyes and realized that with your mind's eyes, I could see where I had been sitting.
I took the families in the hand by taking them where they were their loved ones between rubble.
What magnets turned at that time is something that we all know about or less intuitively, and it is that you don't matter if we're not good at remembering names or phone number or words of our colleagues, we have visual memory and emotional space.
If I asked them to remind me the first 10 words of the story I just told you about Synding, it's very likely to be very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if you asked them to say who I was sitting on the horse in front of their lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and the image of your mind with the things that you want to remember . The more crazy, broken, funny, successful and affordable is the image, more likely to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treatments, in Latin.
And how does it work??
Let's say you've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk, and they want to make it a memory, the same way that you would have done it if you'd invited it to TEDx, it's a 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're at the door of your house.
And I'm going to come up with some kind of an absolutely ridiculous, crazy and unforgettable image to help you remember that the first thing they want to mention is that completely inspiring competition.
And then you can imagine coming into your house, and see the Genes in the Galapagos moved on MIT Ed.
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Cook.
And then you'd see Britney Spears to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to tell.
And then they would come into the kitchen, and the fourth topic that you would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember.
This is how Roman speakers memorized their speeches, not word for words, which is going to confuse it, but typical by typical.
In fact the typical term is coming from the Greek, which means "place."
It's a vision of when people thought about the shore and the rhetoric with this species of space terms.
The phrase "first place," it would be like the first place in its memory.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I got full of it.
I went to some of these memory competition, and I had the idea of writing something outside about this subculture of competitive memories.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a particularly boring event.
Seriously, it's like a lot of people who are sitting on exams, and I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is being married.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I have no access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to get in place.
So, I started to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning before I sit to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an ancient school last school, compared to a museum market.
And I discovered that this was surprising.
I had never hoped it was.
It was entertaining, because it wasn't just to train memory.
What it's actually about doing is to improve the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous, computer, hyperactive, installation, installation, instant, absolute and hopefully, in the eye of the mind.
I'm quite hooked with this.
This is me, using my standard team of training for memory competition.
It's a pair of ears and a little bit of security covered with tape just just two holes, because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before . I had the idea that I could get in, in a kind of participatory journalistic experiment.
I thought this could be a good eye for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition, something that didn't happen.
Of course it's nice to memorize speeches, and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And it's not necessary that they're put to build memory sticks, or memorize banks, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how their mind works.
We often talked about people with a big memory as if it was a innate gift, but it's not the case.
Big memory is being educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus deeply.
The palace of memory -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even short.
They work because they make us work.
They force a profound kind of processing, a full kind of attention that most people don't keep running around.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
This is how things make us memorable.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today, it's what I do, the ambition that I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what's already our short cutting, telling them in the Blackberry or iPhone, not paying attention to being human in front of us, who walks on our side . Are we so lonely that we're not even bothered in processing?
I learned from the first hand that there are amazing memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you should be the kind of person who remembers remember.
Thank you.
Today, I'm talking about the last 30 years of architecture history.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue, so we'll give just a complex place: New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I was from No Serger, I was six years old and I lived there at my parents' home in a village called Living, and this was my child's bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony that gave the room.
And there were all the time looking at the cloth, and so every time I was going from my room to the bathroom, everybody would see me, and every time I'd shower and I turned back into a pad, everybody would see me.
And I was like that.
It was awkward, insecure and hated.
I hated that tour, hated that balcony, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, no division of areas, but from those visceral, emotional connections that we feel in the places we occupy.
And it's no wonder that we were sitting in that way, because according to the American Protection Agency Agency spends 90 percent of its time under roof.
I mean, 90 percent of the time we're surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture stops us in ways that we don't even realize.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
So this means that when I show you a building like this, I know what it does to you: they think of "power" and "democracy."
And I know that they think about it for based on a built building 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a disease that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection; we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We used it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, removed from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because it's going to build things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build, urban and governments, are always afraid of innovation, and they prefer to use ways they know they're going to work.
That's why we found buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Legoscope Public Library who ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome; it has this round, columns, red brick, which let me come in that Living tries to communicate with this building: children, ownership, history.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, another library was finished, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital age.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet, read and share.
So, how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both called libraries, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the pendulum.
On one side is innovation -- architects who constantly drive new technologies, new technologists, new solutions for the form of life.
We drive, we drive and push so much, that we're completely far away from people.
All black, this is depressed . You believe that we feel very well, but we're dead in the inside because we don't have another choice.
We have to go to the other side and go back with those appropriate symbols.
So we do it, and we're all happy, but we feel like suits, so we started experimenting again; we're going to take the front of the back back, over and over, we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course it is in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we got out of the '70s.
Architects were busy experimenting with the so-called "brutality."
It's about the ant.
That can be adming.
Small windows, in a decrease scale.
Really very hard.
So we approached the '80s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We took the stick again in the other direction.
We take those ways that we know that we like it and we update them.
We add you and we added places and use new materials.
They love it.
We don't make sure.
We take Cheetah jams and we turn them into skyscrapers, which may be made of glass.
The shapes were loaded, they won in audio and colorful.
The monkeys became columns.
The hundreds grew up to the size of buildings.
madness.
But it was the '80s, that was great.
We all spend the time in commercial centers, we moved to the neighborhoods, and there, in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasies.
Those fantasy could be to Mediterranean, to the French, or the Italian.
It's possible with a pin of bread sticks.
This is what happens with computing.
This is what happens with the symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we need memories from other places.
I know very well, and you know, this is not the Tuscany.
This is Ohio.
The architects feel frustrated, and we started to blow the pendulum again in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called Democratic.
We wake up the historical symbols; we now count with new devices of computer design, and we find new compositions; some ways that are stars against other forms.
This is academic and pragmatic, and it's super impossible; you're totally excluded.
Usually, the spinal pendulum again is in the opposite direction.
But then something surprising happened.
In 1997, this building is injected.
He's the Bilbao George, from Frank Gehry.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Goldberg said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critics, academics and public in general, they completely were about a building.
The New York Times the calories of it is a miracle building.
The tourism in Bilbao increased by a 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So suddenly, everybody would want one of those buildings: Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Speaker.
Everybody wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these ways, wild and radical, how is it possible that they become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media was trained around them and quickly learned that those shapes mean culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these shapes.
The same thing made the world's main mayors.
So everyone believed that if they had these shapes, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of beginning from the new millennium happened with other star architects.
He happened to Zay and Liberians, and what happened with these few elite architects in the new millennium threshold, actually began to happen with all the architecture . The digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think, for example, how they consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they had to be walking to the next village to see a building.
transportation is accelerating: you can take a boat, an airplane, can be tourists.
The technology sped . You can see in the newspapers, on TV, and at the end, we are all photographers of architecture, and the building is being transported beyond its physical location.
Architecture is everywhere now; that means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 more buildings, before I know if the one I designed four years ago was success or not.
Because there's never been a good feedback in architecture.
This is how we find buildings like this.
Brain was not a two-year movement, 20 years old.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they had them.
That's never going to happen, I think, because we are in the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of the ant, of steel or elevator, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when the pendulum applies to the media, it starts to melt faster and faster, and it's going to be in both extremes, almost in simultaneous, and it's effectively reduced the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, the public.
Now we can do almost instantaneous symbols, with emotional charge, something completely new.
I'm going to show you how the system works in a project that my company recently ended.
We were hired to take this building that was embedded.
This is the center of a village called Pins in France Island, in New York State.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building was finished, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly the product, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer, when people began to get and shared it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, became a media medium, because these are not just images of a building, it's the images that you made the building.
And as you use it to tell their story, they become part of personal narrative, and that makes corruptions with collective memory, and when we charge these symbols, we learn.
That is, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think architecture.
We can tell us what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but that has changed the relationship between us and buildings.
Think for a second in those LinkedIn libraries.
If that building is built today, we first went to the Internet to look for "new libraries."
We would be bombarded with examples of experimentation, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's the ammunition.
ammunition that can lead to the Light mayor, to the Livings people, and tell them that there is no unique response to what can be a library today.
Let's be part of this.
So this abuse of solutions gives the freedom of experience.
Everything is different now.
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use great words and complicated drawings, and you're not a devastated audience that doesn't accept anything that you haven't seen before.
The architects can listen, and you're not left by architecture.
That means that the western pendulum of one style to another, from a movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find the right solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of architecture, and it means that buildings in the morning will be very different from buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city in Scott can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
That means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad micro-print historical brick based on ideas of what should be a state.
This means that a few robots can build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the ways that they're going to produce.
That means that buildings are moving to nature of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or yoga, or even one can be married there at night.
That means that three architects can dream with swimming on the East River of New York, and reduce half a million dollars of the community together around that cause, it's no longer a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little pink of laughing, so muscle and books like the animals that are going to see.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
No matter how we build, what it matters is what we build.
Architects already knows how to do more ecological, smarter and more nice buildings.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're not on opposite sides.
They find an architect, control it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot in play.
The buildings don't only reflect our society, but it shapes to the smallest spaces: the local libraries, the homes where we form our children, and the pace of the toilet to the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steve.
I just got a year and already started walking.
And it does it in that great way, typical of a year, getting up, as if their body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally accurate.
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
It's laughing and white, and it gives itself those big and wet.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of his friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it . And he made me think, "When about doing this?"
How is it that we're suddenly not going to look at our appearance??
Because apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people are looking at Google: "Am I ugly?"
This is F, it's 13 and lives in Denver.
And as any teenager, it just wants to be loved and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week at school.
It's got a bit of fear, it's a little bit confused because, even though his mom tells you all the rat it's beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells you that it's ugly.
Among what his mom tells him, and what his friends, or partners at the school, tell him, doesn't know who to believe.
So he does a video of herself, he publishes it on YouTube, and he asks others who please leave a comment: "Am I beautiful or am I?"
Well, until now, 17 has gotten over 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so disgusting, which I don't even deserve to think about them.
We're talking about a healthy, normal, coherent teenager, which has these answers in one of the stages of their most vulnerable life.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, in its most teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it taking to do this?
Well, today's teenagers are almost never alone.
They're under the pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, disturbing, giving me "I like" by sharing, sharing, sharing, this is never ends.
We have never been so connected, in a continuous, instantaneous way, so young.
As a mother said to me, "It's like there's a party in your room every night."
There's just no privacy.
And social pressures that go from the hand with that are implanted.
This environment, of being connected, is standing into our children to stand up based on the number of "I love" and the kinds of comments they get.
There is no divide between life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what it is.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what is authentic and what's manipulated digitally.
What is the most prominent in somebody's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are you looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kinds of images that are cover of the girls of now.
Zero models continue to dominate our pages.
The technique of agriculture is now a routine.
And trends like: the Mississippi, a picture, picking and pig.
For those of you who don't know it, it means professional.
These trends are associated from women in the popular culture of today.
It's not hard to see what young people compare.
But the guys are not immune to this.
Like the superheroes stars of the sport, the property singers.
But what's the problem with all this?
Well, we're sure we want our children to grow healthy and are very balanced individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, the price of all the other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capabilities, their studies and other aspects begin to suffer.
Six out of 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see good enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings, and as a taxpayer to the labor of labor.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in the classroom of class . prevents to participate in classrooms, because they don't want to call attention for their physical aspect.
One in five are not going on at all over the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the test season, if you don't think you see good enough, specifically if you don't think you're thin enough, you'll get a smaller note to the average of your peers who don't care about it.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, United States and China.
And it's actually given by what these young people do.
So, to make it very clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you're really.
The low self-esteem on its body is delivering the academic performance.
And it's also destruction health.
The adolescents with self-esteem are less physical activity, they eat less fruits and vegetables, they participate in more not healthy diets that can take them to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by people around them, and they are at greater risk of depression.
And we think that this is why they make more risky decisions, like alcohol and drugs, dramatic diets, static surgery, sexual relations to early ages and no protection and damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is preparing the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they're overweight again, regardless of whether or do they have or don't have higher impact rates.
17 percent of women don't present to a job interview in a day that they don't feel safe with the way they look.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity be?
Giving this potential is of interest for each of us.
But how do we do that??
Well, speaking, by the way, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key shapes . The first is that we have to find trust in their own body.
We need to help our teens to develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do that.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of well-intentioned programs, without realizing, worse.
So, we need to make sure that the program that our children follow not only will have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are critical points for any willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental, but facing this problem requires each one of us that we take the research in the issue and we're a better model to follow the women and girls in our own lives.
It challenges the current status of as women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to be able to tell our politicians in hair cuts or the size of their toes, or to find that determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to begin to judge people for what they are, not as you see.
All of us can begin to make responsibility by taking responsibility for the kind of images and comment that we published in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, "When was the last time they had a mirror?"
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments, and as companies, to really change our culture, so that our children grow up valuing their entire person, valuing individuality, diversity, inclusion.
We have to put people who are really making the difference on a pedestal.
To make a difference in the real world, let's make them be the ones that come out in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to turn into the best version of themselves, where the way they think they're never seen to be who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this might mean for someone in their lives.
Who are you in mind?
Your wife?
You?
Your daughter?
Your niece? Your friend?
It could just be the woman who's two seats away . What would it mean for me if it was released from that authoritarian voice in his interior, that he was shocked by not long legs, more thin, a more thin, small dress?
What would it mean for it if we did overcome this, and we would say, "Would you say" to your potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with the images is telling us all.
But let's teach our children the truth.
Let you tell that the way you see it is just part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and because they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk and we compare other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small transitions of a year of age today are become agents of safe change of self tomorrow.
Let's do it.
The fifth of November in 1990, a gentleman called Williams to to go into a hotel in Manhattan and murder to the rabbi Mr. Kahala's leader leader.
Now, I was initially picked up, but it's a prisoner for other minor charges, compared to others, started planning attacks at about 12 icons in New York, including tunnels, synagogues and U.S. headquarters.
Fortunately, these plans were frustrated by a FBI informant.
Sadly, the 1993 pump in the World Trade Center, couldn't be avoided.
Later, I would be convicted to be convicted by its participation in that attack.
Lester Torajan is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being a Egyptian engineer, with a famous American mother, market school teacher, and they did all the possible for giving me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which is very few, even most Muslims, get to meet.
By experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't need a lot to get to desire the same things in life.
However, in all of religion, in every human group, there is always a small fraction of people who are so rudimentary to their convictions that you think you have to use all possible media for everyone to live like them.
A few months before the arrest, he sat up with me and explained that in the last weekend, he and a few friends, had been going to sound training in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We got to the Netherlands who, without knowing our group, was hooked by the FBI.
When I played my father, my father helped me hold the rifle in the shoulder, and explained to me how to approach about 30 feet.
That day, with the last bullet I shot, I gave the little orange light on the target, and, for sure of all, especially me, the whole goal is called.
My uncle turned back to others, and in Arabic, he said "Iran Braddle."
From such a parent, such a son.
All of the time, the comment was a lot of laughter, but only a few years later I understood what they were so funny funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted to put a load with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking tower of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and hurt to other 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them "pump," which means me.
When I was 19, I had already moved 20 times . that instability during my childhood didn't allow me to do many friendships.
Every time it started feeling comfortable about somebody's time, it was time to go to another city.
As I was always, I was the new face in the class of the class, and it was mammals.
I was holding my identity to avoid being the white, but to be the new class, silent and reduce, was enough.
So most of the time was spent at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons, I didn't develop social skills, to tell them gently, to grow under funding, I was not prepared for the real world.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators, like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
And one of the first experiences that put together to test my thinking was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a breathing program that I participated in the Venezuela National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the subject of youth violence, as I had been a breast victim almost all my life, it was something that was a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different backgrounds.
One day, toward the end of the convention, I found that one of the guys who we had made friendship, was Jewish.
It took several days to go to the light this detail, and I realized that there was no animation between the two.
I'd never had a Jewish friend of mine before, and I was very proud of having been able to reinvent the barrier that all life had made me believe that it was desirable.
Another crucial moment came when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens, a amusement park.
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures . That experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
All life was taught me that homosexuality was a sin, and by extension, all the homosexuals were bad influences.
By accident, I had an opportunity to work with homosexual actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most friendly and less critical I had seen in life.
Having a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat the nice people, exactly the way I would have designed to be treated.
So, I could hire the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what that is to be gay, but I know what it is to be judge for something beyond my control.
Then he came the "Dalayer Show."
Every night, Jon Stewart made me completely honest to my intolerance, and it helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my gay figure at a moment when I was desperately needed.
In occasions, inspiration can come from the unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian had a better influence in my life that my own father, extremism, was not in vain.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that's going to be in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes of someone who has suffered enough to find out, and he said, "I'm tired to hate."
At that point, I realized how much negative energy is required to keep all that hatred in your interior.
My real name is not Zailar Arbing.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So, why did I decide to go out and get me in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope someone, one day, who is treated to take the violence, I can hear my story and understand that there's a better way, and I was told by this violent, smart ideology, I didn't come to me.
Conversely, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice.
I do that by the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, because of the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives.
It's because of the victims of terrorism talking, against those meaningless acts, like rejection of my father's actions.
And with this simple, I'm exposed here as a proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, which kids don't have to follow the paths of their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you . Thank you everybody . Thank you very much.
At this point there's a film that's projected in your minds.
It's an amazing multi-touch film.
It's in 3D, and it has dirty sound of what they hear and see right now . But that's just the beginning.
Your film has sex, flavor and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It's got memories, as moments of your childhood that you're projecting in your eyes.
And it's constantly a voice in your conscious thinking flow.
The heart of the film is you who experience everything in straightforward.
This film is the flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of being human.
Each one of us is conscious.
We all have an internal film, you, you and you.
There is nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know that I have a own awareness.
I have no certainty that you're conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we were not conscious, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time, it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal films?
Why are not just robots that process what we received to produce outcomes without experiencing the internal film?
Right now, no one knows the answers to those questions.
It suggests that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is objective.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because in most of the 20th century, you press that vision.
psychology studied the behavior of behavior, the neuroscience studied the brain objectively, but no one mentioned consciousness.
And even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
After, 20 years ago, everything started to change.
Now, neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicist as Roger Penn said, "It's time for science to tackle consciousness."
And since then, there was a real explosion, a scientific job flourishing about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic . It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of consciousness in the recent years was the pursuit of correlations, relationships between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
And we saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kardashian presented a few minutes ago.
We now understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or happy.
But this is a science of correlations.
It's not a science of explanations.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you by saying that this kind of neuroscience work answer some questions that we want to explain to consciousness, questions about what certain areas of the brain make and what they correlate.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
Without offense neuroscientists.
In fact, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, I didn't tackle the real central mystery of this matter: Why is all physical processes in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness??
Why is there a subjective internal film?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's take a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emergent phenomenon like the astronomers, like the hurricanes, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical effects are all cases of emergent behavior, how the embarrass works, how the hurricanes work, how they reproduce, adapt and metabolize the living organisms . They're all questions about objective function.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon: how we walk, how we talk, how we play chess; they're all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the problem hard, is the question of why is all behavior accompanied from subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the rise, the standard paradigm paradigm, it actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientist.
I want a scientific theory of self-expression that works . For a long time, I hit my head against the wall by looking for a theory of consciousness in the physical terms that work.
But ultimately I got to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we get stuck at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful, great explanations . We used to this -- physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains biology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we're conscious.
For another, we don't know how to move that idea to our scientific vision of the world.
I think that consciousness, right now, is a kind of anomaly, something that we need to integrate our worldview, but we don't know how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that at first look like crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who is here today, has one.
His crazy idea is that there is no such a hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the internal subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you have to do, is to explain the objective function, the behavior of the brain, and that's what you need to do.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist consciousness based on the brain.
At the same time, for me, and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I'm in a different direction.
In the time, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental.
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks: space, time and mass.
It passed fundamental laws that govern them, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These basic laws and fundamental property is not explained in terms of nothing more basic.
On the contrary, they're very fundamental, and the world is built.
Sometimes, the list of the fundamental thing is caused.
In the 19th century, the 19th century I discovered that you can't explain electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts, space, time, mass, law of Newton, so it poses the basic laws of electromagnetism, and I put the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, space, time, mass, payload, then because of logic, you have to carry your list.
The most natural thing would boost awareness as fundamental, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that it's not suddenly the object of science.
It's about the way to handle the road.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts: space, time, mass, physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we could store them in a path.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws that we can put them on a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we're looking for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a awareness degree.
This vision is sometimes called panty, "bread," for everyone, "psychopath" for mind, every system is conscious, not only humans, dogs, mice, even the microbes of Rob Knight, the elementary particles.
Even a gun has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that pictures are smart or think.
Not that a picture might be full of anguish when you think, "Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow up and smell the rose."
No, no.
But the thought is that perhaps photons can have some element of raw feeling, subjective, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How crazy would anyone think about something so crazy?
In part, this comes from the first crazy idea, which consciousness is kind of fundamental.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, like others.
It also is worth noticing that even though the idea seems illogical, it's much less for the people of different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that maybe the simplest and powerful shape of finding fundamental laws that relate to the physical process, is to link awareness with information.
Whenever there is processing of information, there's consciousness.
complex information processing, like a human, complex awareness.
Simple information processing, simple awareness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years, Giussani Tony took this kind of theory, and it was regularly developed with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information, which is called Polick, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And it's supposed to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredibly high degree of information integration, a high grade of toast, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse, there's an average degree of information integration, as much as significantly significant, very important awareness.
But when you get to the worms, the microbes, particles, the dolphin degree is left.
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero either.
In Doug theory, there will still be a different awareness level of consciousness.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness: high grade of pH, high degree of consciousness.
Moreover, another reason is that funding can help us integrate consciousness in the physical world.
physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract.
He described the structure of reality using a bunch of equations, but it doesn't tell us about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking explained, "Where is the fire of the equations?"
From the kinetic vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists basically do, they describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts it into the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not out of the physical world as a kind of additive.
It's right at the center.
This vision, I think, the binary vision, has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have fairly serious social consequences.
Some can be illogical.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything I had consciousness, so I should be vegetarian.
If you're a hacker and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hunger.
I think you think that, this tends to transform your visions, whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but your importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask the consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Saladism's artificial intelligence system in the movie "Berlin?"
Is it conscious??
According to the vision of binary information, she has a complicated information processing, integrated, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, it's pretty serious ethical problems about the ethics of the development of intelligent computers and the ethical computer.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of complete collective, the planet.
Does Canada have its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, as the audience in a TED Talk . Right now we have a collective TED conscience, an inner film for this whole group of TED, different from the inner movies of each parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that has to take seriously.
So this view is a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer of the first crazy idea, which consciousness is fundamental, than the second, that it's universal.
Vision raises many questions, a lot of challenges, like, how those pieces of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right path to a serious awareness theory.
If not, well, probably this is the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it at night.
But I think we'll finally figure out.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural town in Victoria.
He had a very normal profile, a low education.
I went to school, I brought me with my friends, I was fighting my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15, a member of my community came to my parents because he wanted to swim for a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's a obvious problem.
She actually hasn't gotten anything ." And they were right.
I went to school, I had good notes . After school, I had a low profile on my mother, and spent a long time looking at the "Bush Solar" series, and "Daddy's Creek."
Yes, I know . What a contradiction.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can consider as a achievement if we take the disability out of the equation.
Years later, being on the second part of the teaching in a high school of Melbourne, just after about 20 minutes on the tenderness of legal studies, a guy raised his hand and he said, "Hey, when would you give your speech?"
And I said, "What speech?"
Well, I had been talking about the law of deforestation for a good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in the wheelchair are talking about institutional things in school?"
"Of course, in the classroom of acts."
And it was then when I realized: this kid had had expertise with people with disabilities as an inspiration objects.
And we are not . And it's not the fault of the boy, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disabilities are not our masters or our doctors or our manuscripts.
We're not real people . We're there to inspire.
And in fact, I'm in this stage looking like what I do in this wheelchair, and probably you're waiting for you to inspire them . Right? Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to be totally disappointed.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that you have been lied in relation to disability.
Yeah, we've sold the lie that disability is something Mali, a capital, M tape.
It's something wrong and live with a disability that makes you exceptional.
It's not a bad thing, and it doesn't make it exciting.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude."
Or this one: "Your excuses is inevitable."
Or this one: "Before leaving, ring!"
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
It may be that you've seen one, of the girl without hands, drawing with a pencil held by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who ran with arrow legs of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which is what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the porn term deliberately, because they cost a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we cost the disabled people in the benefit of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so that we can see them and think, "Well, because of the bad life, I could be worse.
I could be that person."
But if you are that person?
I've lost the account of the number of times that I've approached strangers, wanting to express that they think I'm brave or an inspiration source, and this happens before my work had a public profile.
It was as if I would congratulate me in the morning and remember my own name . And this is going.
These images, these images cost people with disabilities in the benefit of people without disability.
They're there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something difficult.
We took some things.
But the things that we overcome is not the things you can think of.
They're not relative to our bodies.
I use the term "disabled people," deliberately because I'm exposed to the social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live because of our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very close with him.
It does the things that I need to do, and I've learned to get the best of your capacity as you do, and that's what happens with the kids of those photos as well.
They're not doing anything outside.
They're simply using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So, is it really fair to match them in the way we do, by sharing those images?
When people say, "You're an inspiration source," it says it as a compliment.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they've sold us this sense that disability makes us exceptional.
And honestly, it doesn't.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here cooking the inspiration, and you think, "Oh, God, Steve, aren't you sometimes inspired by something?"
And actually, I know that I am.
You learn from other people with disability at all.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
Now, I learn that it's a great idea to use a few banks of bank to pick up the things that they fall to me, learning the ingenious trick of how to load the cell phone battery on the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from force and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that is exceptional and costing us.
I really think that that's going to be sold about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us hard.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude," the reason that that's lying is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles in front of a ladder has never made it become a ramp.
Never . smile on a television screen will not make the subtitles appear for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and add a positive attitude to convert all those books into the braille.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to actually live in a world where disability is not exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl, sitting in his bedroom watching "Buddha the Slavel," doesn't consider anything for being in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have such low expectations of the people with disability that we're happy to get out of bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability, and I want to live in a world where a child from 9/11 in a high school of Melbourne is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair.
The disability doesn't make us perfect, but questioning what you think you know about it is that it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to do with the augmented reality and the professional football, with empathy?
And what is the average speed of a pollen?
Unfortunately, today, I'll just answer one of those questions, so please don't bother.
When people think of an augmented reality, they think about "Minority Report" and in Tom Cruz, using the hands in the air, but increasing reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because the reality is actually changing our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phone.
So how do we get into the augmented reality?
The first step, that's what it takes: Google Glass.
I'm sure that many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that the Google Glass is a device that allows you to see what I see.
I'm going to allow you to experience what is to be a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, under a helmet and knowing what is running by the field at 160 miles, the blood hitting your ears.
We may know that a man from 110 pounds, you know, trying to be disappointed with all their self.
I've been there and I assure you that it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what the Google Glass is to use under the helmet and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of NFL practices, because the idea of NFL technology is a sub coming up to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Klein: Let's go.
It's horrible to be.
One moment . We put together a little bit.
Did you prepare??
Go.
Chris Kong: As you can see, it's a prosthetic of what is being touched in the football field, from the perspective of the crash.
You've realized that it's missing people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, coral of the University of Washington.
fieldwork: mice 45! Rican mice!
Blue 8, blue eight! Go!
Chris Kull: That's a little closer to the feeling in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at NFL.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, it's going to be their favorite players, and I've been asked to YouTube and Twitter: "You can see from the angle of a field.
Or of a corridor?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get from it? How do we take it into the next level?
We took it to that level using something called Owens Rift, who surely many of you know.
The Occupy Rift has been described as the most realistic virtual reality, and it's not cheap word.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh!!
No, no, no, I don't want to play! No!
Oh my God! Oh!
MK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain, having his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we plot a video Peter video crossing the line, getting rid of a machine with the arm before they run and do an notation? What will be the experience of a fan.
When can it be Maslow running on the fence, throwing the ball at the bottom of the network, or Frederick doing a leap in Wikipedia?
What will be your experience when I went up from a mountain to more than 100 miles as a Olympic skier?
Maybe they increase the sales for adults for adults.
But this is not really augmented.
It's just virtual reality, River.
How do we reach the augmented reality, OK?
We'll reach the reality augmented when the coaches, the markets and the owners, see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win games?"
Because they always use technology to win.
They like win . It gives them money.
So, here's a brief piece of technology at the NFL.
In 1965, the Baltimore politicians put a fear to their field of field to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NFL put radios in the fields of the field of field and then in the defense of defense.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine you're a player coming back to your group and you see their next player shown in front of you, in a plastic visit that they're wearing . You don't have to worry about forgetting a player.
or to memorize strategy.
They just go out the field and they react.
And the coaches want it because if you don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parties.
If you lose games, you lose you as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But augmented reality is not just a major strategy manual.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve the way we play party.
How would you do it?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera on every single corner of the stadium having a view from the high of the people who are down.
You also get information from the hull sensor and the accelerometer, something that's already working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
The good teams would know.
The bad people will have information.
This will differentiate the good teams of bad.
So your team of computing will be as important as your scouts, and data analysis will stop just for nerds.
It's also for sports . Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine that you're the field of field.
You get the ball and go back.
You're looking at an open receptor . All of a sudden, a flashlight on the left side of your bombsight, you know that a defense behind you is going to attack you . Normally, you didn't see it, but the Ross system.
You move on to the production area.
Another square you have an open receptor.
But you launch the ball, but you'll get away.
And the ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land . However, the receptor sees in his bombsight an area of grass that lights up and can modify the road.
You zoom, it takes the ball, run and ring.
The public is accomplished and the fans have followed the player from every angle.
This is something that will create a massive emotion in the party.
I'll make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The actual reality will be part of sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is: Do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circus, as our usual entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the reality that's augmented to foster the empathy between human beings, to show somebody what it is, literally, to be in another person's place.
We know what this technology is worth for the sports.
He generates billions of income every year.
But how much is this technology for a professor in the classroom by trying to show an abuse how hurt is their actions from the perspective of the victim?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it lives being pursued?
How much is it for a Hadron Democrat or a Neil democracy, trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of trivial notes and American?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality gets closer.
The questions that we make, the decisions that we face and challenges that we face, depend, as always, of us.
Thank you.
Recently, I was retired after 23 years of service at the Hogadoes Pacific of California.
Most of those 23 years ago, I was talking to the southern end of the County County, which includes President Gates.
The bridge is an iconic structure, which is known by their beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean, and his inspiring architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Goldman Gates Bridge was open in 1937.
Joseph Street, chief engineer, who was built to build the bridge, said that, "The bridge is pretty much about suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical, not likely."
But from his openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to death from that bridge.
Some of them believe that traveling between the two towers will bring them into another dimension, this bridge has been identified as such, that every single thing from him is drawn from all of your concerns and pain, and the waters that go under clean your soul.
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After one free of four to five seconds, the body crashes against the water about 120 miles an hour.
And the impact broke the bones, some of which would break vital organs.
Most people die in the impact.
The ones that don't usually lie into the helpless water, and then they're drowning.
I don't think that those of you who look at this method of suicide are aware of the death that they're facing.
This is the wire.
Except about the two towers, there are 32 inches of parallel steel in the bridge.
This is where most people are going to go before their lives.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and at its darkest moment, it's very difficult to bring them back.
And I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to an officer having her life.
I want to tell you with joy that we were successful that day to bring it back on the front.
When I started working on the bridge, we had no formal training.
We fought to channel the way through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who link suicide, but the officials too.
We've got a long way from then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train the new officers.
This is Jason Gardner.
I met him on July 22 last year when I got a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the heart near the center.
It responded, and when I came to Jason, I looked at Jason talking to a Golden Gate Bridge.
Jason was just 32 years old, and he had flown here from New Jersey.
In fact, I flew up to here twice before New Jersey to try and jump from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason, he asked us if we knew the story of the Pandora box.
remembering the Greek mythology, Ze created Pandora, and he sent her on the Earth with a box, and he said, "Never, never open that box."
Well, one day, the curiosity could more than Pandora, and she opened the box.
From her, they came out, and they came down, and all sorts against the man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What if you open the box and there's no hope?"
He stopped a few minutes, leaned on the right, and it was.
This lovely and intelligent girl in New Jersey just took away life.
I talked to Justine's parents that night, and I suppose when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be sounded very well, because the next day, the rabbi of the family called me to see how it was.
The Japanese parents had been asked.
The collective damage of the suicide affect a lot of people.
Now, I posed these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved the suicide?
What would you say?
Would you tell what?
In my experience, it doesn't just have to talk, but you have to listen.
Listening to understand.
Don't argue, you blame, or you tell the person you know how you feel, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of inflection they need.
If you think somebody's suicide, you're not afraid of dealing with them and ask the question.
One way to ask the question is, "others in similar circumstances have thought about their life, have you had these thoughts?"
Consider the person in front can save life and be the point of inflection for them.
Other signs to search: despair, believe that things are terrible, and they're never going to improve; it's impossible, believe that there is nothing you can do about it -- recent social isolation, and a lost of the interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email of a lady, and I'd like to read your letter.
She lost his son on January 19 of January this year, and I was writing this email just a couple of days ago, and it is with his permission and beneficial that I read them.
"Hi, Kevin . I think you're at TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go on the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell her friends, etc.
I'm still quite sensitive, but noticing more moments of realizing really that Mike won't go home.
Mike was driving Baltimore to San Francisco to see the face of the 49 with his father on the 19th of January.
He never got there.
He called Peter's police and repeated it as passed that night.
The next morning, two officials came to my house and reported me that Mike's car was down on the bridge.
A witness had seen it out from the bridge to 155 in the afternoon of the day before.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been before the wrong mental illness?
It should not be so easy to end.
My prayers are with you on your fight.
The LHC, the Goldman Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful baby, not a cemetery.
Good luck this week, Victor."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and run the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I'm talking about with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, he responded to a radio call by a suicide subject suicide in the bridge near the north tower.
I drove my motorcycle out and look at this man, Kevin Berton, standing on the sidewalk.
When I saw me, I immediately crossed the railing, and it stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
For the time and a half, I heard like Kevin talked about its depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day will come back to that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, he's happy.
"This is a new start, a new life."
But I asked him, "What was it that made you back and give your hope and life another opportunity?"
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I'm listening.
I was left to speak and just listen."
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to leave you.
"Dear Mr. Birds, nothing erase of March 11, and you're one of the reasons why Kevin is following with us.
Simply, I think Kevin was changing for help.
It has been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it's been properly medicalized.
I took Kevin when I was only six months, completely unaware of all those inherited traits, but thank God, we now know it.
Kevin is in order, as he says.
We give God for you.
Simply in debt with you, Narry BERT."
And at the end she wrote, "PG when I went to the General General Hospital in San Francisco that night, you would figure out as the patient.
"Come on, I had to solve it!"
Now, Kevin is an active father and an active member of society.
It's openly about the events of that day and their depression with hope that their story inspired others.
suicide is not just something I've found at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather suicide with poison.
That act, despite the end of his own pain, stole me the opportunity to know it.
This is what the suicide does.
For most suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about murdering another person.
They just want their own pain to end.
Typically, this is only about three ways, sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've answered, and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and successful calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents in which I've been directly involved, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason.
The other one was a man who talked about about an hour.
For that time, I took my hand in three occasions.
On the final squeeze, I looked at me, and he said, "Kevin, I'm sorry, but I have to go."
And he jumped.
Awful, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, however, that most people that we get to contact in that bridge will not be suicide.
In addition, those few who have jumped from the bridge and live and they can talk about it, that one or two or two, most of those people have said that the second they leave the barrier would realize they had committed a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge doesn't just connect to Mario with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge we do, is something that everyone and every one of us should be striving to do.
suicide can prevent.
There's help . There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes them be what they're not, but in your interior you know what you're, and a question is to you: How do you become that?
I have to be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, I'm not alone.
When I became a model, I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had ever had from child.
My outside was finally aware of my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, I'm going to be later later, when I look at this picture, I think, "You know, George, I got it."
But last October, I discovered that, just, I'm starting.
In all of us, our families, our religion, our society, our time in history, even our bodies.
Some of you have the courage to release, to get rid of the limitations that are imposed by the color color or the beliefs of those around us.
These are people who always challenge the status quo, which is considered.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent, I'll ignore my story.
I think this guy is called revelation.
This is the mine.
I was recorded as a child when I was born because of my genitals.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always took this shirt on my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why are you always carrying that shirt in your head?"
I said, "Mom, it's my hair . I'm a girl."
So, I knew how to be educated.
The gender is always considered an immune fact, but we now know that, really, it's something more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought I'm bad, but how the world is dealing with those of us who want to liberate.
Every day I thank you will be female.
I have Mom, Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so fortunate.
There is a long tradition in Asia culture that celebrates gender's mystery.
There is a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's an Indian goddess, habitat of girls.
And when I was eight years old, I was at a party in Los Philippines who celebrated these mysteries.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember that this beautiful woman came up to me, and I remember that moment as if something will beat me: This is the kind of woman I'd like to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still came out of man, I met this woman called Tile.
It's the director of a transnational beauty competition.
That night she said, "Why don't you ever participate in the beauty competition?"
He told me that if she was participating, she would be commissioned from the self-confidence and the costume, and that night, he won on bathroom, he won in a gift suit, and he was a third ending between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was in the world of beauty meetings.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was from queen women beauty, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the disabled, especially when we traveled to remote properties of the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my request to the green card that could go to live the United States.
I was resistant.
I said to my mother, "Mommy, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty queen."
But then two weeks later, he called me and said, "Do you know that if you move to the United States, you can change the name and the identity of gender?"
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested to me that he had two "and" to my name.
She also took me when I'm in Thailand at the age of 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand perform the most prestigious, sophisticated surgeries.
At the time in the United States, it was necessary to do surgery before we change the name and the gender.
So, in 2001 I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driving license with the name Gene and the female gender.
It was a great time.
For some people, their identity document means they can drive or can get a suit, but for me it was the license to live, to feel worthy.
Suddenly, my fears were measured.
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and it will be model.
Many are not so fortunate.
I think of this woman's moment of Albert Network.
A young woman in New York who was going to live his truth, but he was strangened, he put his life end.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 of November, we make a global video for the Clank Commission Day.
I'm in this stage, thanks to a long history of people who are warm and stood at injustice.
This is Mars J. Johnson and Sylvia Lineum.
Today, at this same time, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth and only for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame, no fear.
I'm here, explaining, so that some day there is no more November 2010 video.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you . KT: Gene, a quick question.
George Rock: Sure . You see, first, thank you with all my blessing.
To my support network, my parents especially, my family, which is very strong.
I remember all of the time I've been attending young young women, which I've heard, and sometimes when they were calling me, and they told me that his parents couldn't accept it . I took the phone, called my mom and said, "Mommy, can you call this woman?"
Sometimes it worked, others not . It's just gender identity, that's what's in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are assigned by a gender when I was born, and what I try to do is to put on the table the subject that sometimes that assignment didn't square, and there should be a space that would allow people to be adopting, and this is a conversation we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transgender movement is becoming compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
It should be understood.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all are my allies.
KS: Thank you . Very nice . GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents are usually known about their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known by their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Bad started his campaign by defending his rights in 2007, and when his efforts were shocked in 2011, when her efforts were homosed in 2011, by raising the National Peace Prize, he became very famous, a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my daughter, but now I'm her father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the story of women is the story of injustice, of inequality, of violence and exploitation.
You'll see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when when a girl is born, their birth is not celebrated.
It's not welcome, not for his father, not his mother.
The neighborhood comes, it gives their stands to the mother and no one happy the father.
And a mother's got a lot to get a little girl.
When you give birth to the first girl, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When I give birth to the second daughter, it's concussion, and, with the hope of a child, when he's used his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only the mother had, but the daughter . The daughter was born, when it grows, it suffered.
At the age of five, when I should go to school, you're at home and school admitted to your brothers.
Up until the age of 12, in some ways, it has a good life.
It can be fun.
You can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets as a butterfly.
But when I go into adolescence, when I'm 13 years old, it's ready to come out of his house without a male ancestor.
It's confined to the four walls of your house.
It's not a free person.
It became the call of his father's honor and their brothers and their family, and if it transfers the code of that supposedly honor, it could even kill.
And it's interesting that this kind of honor code, not only affects the life of a girl, also affects the life of the male members of the family.
So this brother, he sacrificed the joys of his life and the happiness of his sisters in name of the honor.
And there is a bit more of the patriarchal societies that's called the obesity.
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet, very humble and very dry.
It's the criteria.
The model of a good girl must be street.
It's supposed to be silent, and they accept the decisions of their father and their mother and the decisions of the elderly, even if they don't want it.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like it or if you do it with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be soldiers.
If you're very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they'll call it destruction.
And what happens at the end?
In the words of a poet, "The married, they locked it, and then give birth to more children and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, he finds the same lesson of obesity to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious cycle continues and continues.
Dear brothers and sisters, when I was born Malawi, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newborns, to be honest, but when I was there and I looked at his eyes, I felt incredibly honored.
And long before I was born, I thought about his name, and I was fascinated with a legendary fight of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malay from Maxwell, and he called my daughter like this.
But when I looked at me, everyone was men, and I grabbed my pen, and I took a line of my name, and I wrote, "Bad."
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half, I admitted to my school.
So you wonder, why should I mention a child's admission in a school?
Yeah, I should mention it.
They can take for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in the poor countries, in the political societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for the child's life.
It means a school, it means the recognition of their identity and his name.
A school at school means that it has come into the world of dreams and aspirations where you can explore its potential for your future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks before, when he was in the front of the Canadian visit, and he was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the stacked of some of my sisters.
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason why I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters or his daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence and the safety of my daughter.
I encouraged it to sit with me when my friends came to see me.
I encouraged it to go with me to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to instill you in your personality.
And this wasn't just for it, just for Malaysia.
I've been sharing all these good values in my school to girls and kids alike.
They use education for emancipation.
She taught my daughters, he taught students, forgetting the lesson of obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the horror.
Be brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fight to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal to human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It was called the basketball.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political and economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
Girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were quiet, the characterized girls and the singers killed.
It was millions, but a few talk, and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and break when you talk about your rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10, Malawi got up and stood on the right to education.
He wrote a journal for the BBC blog, he offered himself for the New York Times documentaries, and he talked on every platform that he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spreads as a club around the world.
And that was the reason that the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and nine in October 2012, they shot him into the head.
It was a fateful day for my family and for me.
The world became a great black hole.
While my daughter was arguing between life and death, he whispered to my wife, "Should I blame me for what happened to my daughter, your daughter?"
And I instinctively told me, "Please don't blame.
Definitely defined the cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of truth, for the cause of peace, and by the cause of education, and your daughter was inspired in you and you got together.
They were both on the right way and God will protect it."
These little words meant a lot for me, and I wasn't going to ask.
When Mali was in the hospital and he had severe severe pain and strong head pains, because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that's spreading down the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained.
I used to say, "I'm okay with my smile, and with my face.
I'll get right . Please don't worry."
It was a consensus for us, and it's comfort us.
Dear brothers and sisters, we've learned about it how to resist at the most difficult moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children's rights and women, it's like any 16 year-old girl.
He cried when he doesn't finish.
You fight with your siblings, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What are there special in my country that has made so bold to Mali that brave, expressive and wind?"
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Ask what I didn't do.
He didn't cut their wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you.
I was operated from the brain 18 years ago, and from that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I am engineering.
And I want to tell you that I recently have joined the Mountain group, the Google group, where I've had a gift to my face; the violation of Google X visualization, but all the work that I'm going to talk about today about the science of the brain, I did it before joining Google or outside of my job there.
Having said this, there's a stigma when you partner to an operation of brain.
Are you still as smart or not?
If it doesn't, can you be smart?
After neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It was not the gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates hormones and neutrons.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, as if I didn't take anything, I would die in a few hours.
Every day, over the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combination and mix of chemicals, and trying to get them to live.
More than once I've been saved by little.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided to experience to try to get the optimal doses, because it really doesn't have a clear map that says it in detail.
I started testing with different mix, and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the doses changed dramatically, my sense of who I was, my way to think, my behavior with others.
A particularly awesome case: for a few months, I tested doses and chemicals for a wide man, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always furious, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the most intelligent person around the world, and -- of course, many times in the past I've met several guys like that, maybe some abandoned versions.
It turned out as an extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrogant.
In fact, I was trying, a lot of insecure, fixing a problem I had in front, and it just doesn't happen.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my dose.
But, I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and about what they have to go through.
What I was trying to do, when we fit those hormones and neurotransmitters and so forth, was to regain my intelligence after the disease and the operation -- my creative thinking, my ideas flow.
I used to think about it almost always in images, and that became my point of key reference: how do you get those mental pictures that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want to do it, trying new ideas and recreating situations.
These kinds of thoughts is not new.
Philosophers like Hama, Descartes and Hobbes see things like that.
They thought that the images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
Today, there are people who questioned this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works . For me it is simple: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creating and invention.
So, after several years, I managed to find the right point, and I have a lot of great mental, really vivid, sophisticated, well-known, structured.
Now, I'm working on how to take these mental images, my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what happens if a filmmaker is able to use your imagination only to lead to the world that you have in front?
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head?
There are amazing possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to make this is just increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to reaching this with two recent experiments made by two groups left in neuroscience.
Both used MRI technology, imagine by functional magnetic resonance, to represent the brain . Here you can see the brain scanning made by George won and their Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the scan of a person who looks at an image.
The medium's column shows the scan of the brain of that same individual as you imagined, seeing that same image.
The tail of the right was created the contents of the core column of the left, and you see that the difference is almost zero.
This was reported in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost zero.
Now, let me share another experiment . This is the lab of Jack Galton's lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to turn the brain waves into a regular visual field.
Let's put it this way.
In this experiment, I showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while their brains were scanned to create a large patch of brain reactions to video sequences.
Then I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as much as a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using just the brain information information of the scan, I decode it to show what seemed that the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the computers of the computer, and on the left, the video I showed you.
This was left to us.
We're pretty close to achieving it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember that when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, it's created in the brain the same map.
This was conducted with the greater resolution systems available today, and their resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we get it?
There are a lot of techniques to do it.
One is to open up the skull and introduce electrodes.
I don't offer that.
A lot of people are proposing new techniques of projection for images, even me . Tell the recent result of the MRI, we have to first ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the road?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with bigger magnets, but at this point, more grain magnets only offer small improvements in resolution, not increase for thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of larger magnets, we do better magnets.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements, like making a spiral.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a huge amount of effort at MRI were to make really big magnets, right?
However, most of the recent breakthroughs in the background of ingenious and brilliant solutions in coding and decoding, in shipping and FM radio receptors in the MRI systems.
At the time, instead of a uniform magnetic field, we used to be structured magnetic patterns attached to the FM radio frequencies.
So, by combining the magnetic patterns with the patterns of the Free radio processing, we can actually increase the information that can be extracted in a single scan.
In addition, we can then divide our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and memory to create increase in the thousands we need.
By using IDEO, we should be able to measure not only the blood blood fluid, but the hormones and neurotransmitters that I've mentioned and maybe even the direct neural activity . This is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go on top of language and communicate directly through thinking?
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filters?
You thought the Internet is big.
These are great questions.
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool might lead to the Alzheimer's cure and similar disease.
We have a few more options than opening this door.
Anyway, they choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that taking much more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm talking about this night about getting out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have guns.
His closet may be to tell you a person for the first time that I love it or tell someone who's pregnant, or say to someone who has cancer, or any hard conversation that you've ever got in life.
And all of an author is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can vary, the experience of having lived, and have come out of that author is universal.
It's afraid, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
Many years ago, I was working on the South Side California Carder, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through a number of phases of the intensity of the Bible military: I'm not going to give you my armpits, quote the letters of an airplane Dinosaur France as a lake.
And it's going to be glad that because of my short screen, and to have warned my head, I was usually asked, "Hey, are you kid or girl?"
And there would be a quiet silence on the table.
I lost my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a piece of rage.
The father is amputated, and the mother would launch a cold looking at his child.
But I wouldn't say anything, and it was boiling inside.
And I came to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
I would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
"Are you a kid or a girl?"
A family silence, but this time was ready, and I was about to go into the female affairs at the table . I had the Betty Friedman dates.
The quotes of Gloria Stein.
Even a snippet of the vagina Monologues I would show.
And so I breathe my breath, and I look at the look and my partners a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at me, which is not a friendly chart, just a girl with a question, "Are you guys or girl?"
So I was breathing again, I stood up close to her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is confusing.
I have the little hair like a kid, and you see chicken clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more than the girl's girl."
And that girl looked at me, and he looked at me, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite little girl is victory and he has a fish.
Can you give me a plan, please?"
And that was all, "Oh, OK you're a girl.
What about the banker I asked?"
It was the most easy conversation of all of you ever had.
And why? Because the pack girl and me, both of us were honest.
As many of us, I've lived in some closet in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a rainbow.
But inside, in darkness, you can't know what color is the walls.
You just know how you feel living in an author.
That's how my closet is not different from yours or yours or you.
So surely, I'm going to give you 100 reasons why to get out of my closet was harder than you get out of yours, but this is the issue: difficult is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me to explain to someone who has been declared in a broken bank is more difficult than telling it that it's been angry?
Who can tell me that this story that I tell is harder than telling your five-year-old son who are going to divorce you?
There is no more difficult, there's only the hard thing.
We need to stop classifying what's hard to us about what hard to someone else to make us feel better or worse in relationship to our closet, and we should just feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in closet, and they might make sure, or at least safer than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, that doesn't matter what your walls are made, a closet is not a place to live.
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I was, I had a horse tail, a dress and high rubber shoes.
It wasn't the military lesbian ready to fight any four year-old child who would come into the coffee.
I was frozen by fear, which was lying on a corner of my dark closet pushing my gay band, and I'm going to move only a muscle is the most scary thing ever ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my entire life trying to do, and now the world was going around.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't throw that rope, I'll kill you.
One of my older grenade launches was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of the invited people knew that it was gay, and by doing my honor ladies, in my black dress and heel around the tables, and finally I came to a where my parents were, people who met me.
And after talking about a moment, one of the women was screaming, "Love Nathan Lane!"
And the gay bear battle had started.
"Are you ever in the House?"
"Well, yeah, the truth is we have friends in San Francisco."
"Well, we've never gone there, but we heard that it's fabulous."
"Asth, do you know my American aesthetics?
It's very good, and he's never talked about having girlfriend."
"Athlek, what's your favorite TV show?
Our favorite program? Will and Grace.
And you know who you love? Jack.
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, who was puzzling, but he was hoping to desperately show her support, to make me know that he was on my side, he finally said, "Well, sometimes my husband use pink shirt."
And I had an opportunity at that time, like you have all the swarms of grenade.
Surely, I could have been easy to figure out where they were mixed.
It's not very hard to find and realize the fact that they were forcing.
And what else does you ask to ask someone, but do you get it?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for the authentic you get.
That's how hard conversations follow without being my strong point.
Ask anybody with the ones I've gone out.
But I'm getting better, and I'm getting what I like to call the three principles of the Galapagos's girl.
Now, please see this through gay perspective, but you understand that what it means to get out of any highway is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the armor . Be you.
That girl in the cafe had no armor, but I was ready for battle.
If you want somebody to be great, others have to know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be right . Just tell you . You hold your ships.
If you know they're gay, say it.
If they say to their parents that might be gay, they will keep the hope that that could change.
Don't give you a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more importantly -- leave the complex.
You communicate their truth.
You never apologize for that.
And some of you can get safe wounded, and you don't know what they've done, but never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel disappointed, but that something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write.
So the next time you're found in a military dark by a grenade, you need to know that we've all been there before.
And they may feel very alone, but they're not.
Thank you, Boulder . Enjoy the veil.
Intelligence, what is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has been seen, a productive example has been the famous quote of Discover Dispenson that "whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim."
When Ed Diego wrote this, he did this as a criticism to computer pioneers like Alan Turing.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental fundamental mechanisms of intelligence.
We went back a step.
I first started with a mental experiment.
Imagine it's from an alien race, and you don't know anything about the Earth's biology or neuroscience or any intelligence of the Earth, but they have incredible telescopes and you can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that it doesn't have any concept about the Earth's intelligence, you would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, at the point of the time, the asteroids that extract the surface of a planet are just stopped doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question that to understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that led to several years ago, I analyzed a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines, that we did, I think, to a only underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology, for example, there have been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally adjusted to the development of intelligence, and in particular, for development of universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the robotic movement planning, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the ability of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to do complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different issues and put together together, I asked, I asked, "Is there a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we could pull out of all these different topics?"
Is there just an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is . What they're looking at is probably the closest equivalent to a E = mine for the intelligence that I've seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a force, F, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
I act to maximize the freedom of action, or keeping the open choices, with a force T, with the diversity of possible future, yes, to an imminent time, a team.
In a nutshell, intelligence doesn't like to stay trapped.
So intelligence is trying to maximize the freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so, in mind this equation, it's natural question: What can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
predicts the level of human intelligence?
predicts artificial intelligence?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universe that produce more disorder, or "entropy," during their life should have trend to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that critical connection between entropy and intelligence inhibits a deeper relationship?
What if that intelligent behavior is not only correlated with production of long-term entropy, but actually it does it directly?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called English, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system where it's inside.
Remarkably, it was able to get multiple animal intelligence tests, play human games, and even earning money trading actions, all of them without doing that.
Here are some examples of English in action.
Just like a standing human, here I see English by using automatically a pole using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave it a goal.
He just decided for his account to balance the position.
This ability to balance will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This ability of tools of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, as many other animals can cooperate from extreme opposite of a rope at the same time to release the food, here we see that entropy can perform a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
entropy is widely applicable to a variety of dominance.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game game against itself, illustrating its potential for play.
So here we see the end of it to hear new connections in a social network where the friends are constantly disconnected and keeps the grid well connected.
So this same capacity of network orchestras also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
So here we see English to organize the roots of a bottle of ships, discovering successfully and using Panama's Channel to extend the world from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applying to problems in autonomous defense, logistics and transportation.
And finally, here we see entropy spontaneously discover and execute a strategy of engagement, ventilation in a simulated series of action negotiation, successfully increasing assets under their management.
This risk management ability will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Westerners: What you've seen is that a variety of marks of human cognitive behaviors such as the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation, all of them will depend on one equation, leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a profound irony.
So let's go back to the beginning of the robotic term, the work "ROD20" -- it was always the concept that if you developed intelligent machines, there would be a cyber rebellion.
The machines got up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had the whole concept of cyber rebellion to investment.
It's not that machines first become intelligent and then metabolism and they try to get rid of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking the control of all the possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually emerge directly from taking control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is search for the goal.
So, I'm often asked, how do you look for goals to get from this kind of framework?
My equivalent to that statement to happen to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence, or to help help us understand human intelligence, is the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future of action and avoid constraints in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at an inflection point in human history, something between the control of stars and losing the planet we call home.
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth fits in the context of the universe.
NASA's Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars, which points that Earth is only one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the luminous tendency of the stars when the planets go through, and they block a little bit of that light that gets us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the size of planets in addition to the distance between them and their mother star.
In a place, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocks like the Earth planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their sun.
At the time, this gives you clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this telecoms of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is code under the weight of humanity.
The year 2014 was the hottest registered.
glaciers and sea ice who have been with us for millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused global scale has rapidly surpassed our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a weather scientist, no astronomer.
I study the potential of the planet that's influenced by stars, with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I find foreign opportunities in the immune sector.
Now, as someone really interested in the search for life in the universe I can tell you that the more planets like the Earth, the more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invite a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know better: those of our solar system.
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and pink, and despite being a little bit further from the Sun, it can consider a potentially livable world showing this by a mission like the Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, that's why we study so much to Mars.
Our shows like "Curiosity" track its surface to look for clues on the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the MTA mission, take samples of the atmosphere Mars atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has lost his ability.
private companies now provide not only short space flights, but also the tempting mentality of living on Mars.
But even though all of these images, brown images remind us to the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with cutting-edge and political ideas, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the expansion of the Detroit areas of our planet that they still remain for colonize, which are really liberal in comparison with Mars.
Even in the most dry and more elevated places of the Earth, the air is cold and full of oxygen for the tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I'm worried that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other blood planets with a big and sad shadow: the implications and the belief of some that Mars is waiting there to save us from this influenced authority of the only planet that we know is truly habitable, Earth.
By a long way, I'm in deep disagreement with this idea.
There's a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but saying that Mars will be there to sacrifice humanity is how to imagine the captain of the Titanic will be able to get place later on the wild boats . Thank you.
But the goals for the energy exploration and the Earth preservation don't get away.
No, they're actually expensive of the same currency: the goal of understanding, preserving and improving life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world looks like extraterrestrial landscapes.
It's just closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in hostile areas and hospitals on the ground, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment: Fermi's paradox.
Many years ago, the physicist Enrico Fermi asked: considering that our universe has existed for a long time, and we expect that there were many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of alien life existence to now.
Well, where are they?
Well, a possible solution to Fermi's paradox is that when civilizations become very closely advanced to consider to continue to live between the stars, they lose the notion of how important the planets is to protect this development.
It's arrogant to think that only interplanetary colonization will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and energy exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to join the hostile environment of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task on the Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own home.
And while I was in the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that you were at the dining table, where you left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows, and they were all right.
I thought about calling a ceremony, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a pottery could take a lot of time to get, and I was cold.
I couldn't go back home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe morning, and I was making my passport and my suitcase.
It was expensive, but I sure not more expensive than a side of a million night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, I was okay.
I'm a profession neuroscientist and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Corruption is going to increase heart rate, model levels of adrenaline and cloud the thought.
And when I got to the purpose of manufacturing on the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours.
And I started wondering, if there was something that could do, system that I could put in place, that prevent bad things happen.
Or at least, if bad things happen, they minimize the probability that it's a total catastrophe.
So I became thinking about that, but to a month after my non-lethal thoughts.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kanally, Nobel Prize winner, and a little bit embarrassed, he told her that I broke the window, and that I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called prospective retrospective.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein, who had written about this a few years before, known as the premise.
They all know what the punishment is.
Every time there is a disaster, a team of experts come and try to figure out what came wrong, right?
In the printer, as Danny explained, you look forward and try to find out all the things that might be wrong, and then then try to figure out what it can do to prevent things happen or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk about with you is some of the things that we can do in the form of a predictability.
Some of them are obvious, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, I'm going to trigger a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds of common sense, and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis, based on how our space memory works.
There's a structure in the brain called the hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a sense of the location of important things, where it is, where the fish are, which is using fruit trees, where we live the tribes and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that's grateful in the London taxi.
It's the part of the brain that allows the edges to find their nuts.
And if you asked if someone really did the experiment, they cut the fancy sense of the squirrels and still they could find their nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move a lot, not so good for things that are moving too much.
This is the reason for losing cars of car, reading goggles and passports.
So at home they have a place for the keys, a hook on the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For your passport, a particular crate.
For their reading glasses, a particular mission.
If you drop a place and you're glass with it, you'll always be there when you're looking for them.
What about trips?
Take the cell phone a picture of your credit cards, you're licensed to drive, passport, send you by email to you, you're in the cloud.
If these things are lost or steal, this can make a difference.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases cortisol.
Coral is toxic, and it enters the thought.
So part of the early practice is to recognize that under stress we won't be at the best time, and you have to put the systems on your site.
And there is perhaps not more stressful than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, of having to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved being, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And to talk about a very particular medical effect.
But this is written as an approach for all making medical decisions, and in fact for financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from a rational assessment of the facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've received the lab result and the cholesterol is a little bit high."
They all know that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular diseases, attacks to the heart, it runs brain.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I would like to get a drug to help you reduce the cholesterol, a substance."
And maybe you've heard about style, and you know that it's one of the most prescribed drugs in the world today . It's even likely you know people who take them.
And so you think, "Yes, milk."
But there's a question that should be done then, a statistician that is supposed to ask that most doctors don't want to talk, and pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the NIH, the number of needs to treat.
And what is this, the NSA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or join a surgery in any medical procedure before they're helping one person.
And should you think what kind of descended statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not get me something if it wasn't to help me.
But actually, the medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not a doctor, and if it's someone's fault, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't really understood the underlying mechanisms.
But the Limites estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only from 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely prescribed state, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person??
300.
This is according to the research of the cynical researchers Jeremy Google and Pamela Harvard, who was independent by Bionic.
I am the number of the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before we avoid a single heart attack, it will spill brain or another adverse event.
Now, you might say, "Well, one probability in 300 to lower my cholesterol.
Why not, doctor? leave me anyway."
But then you should ask yourself for a statistics more, and it's, "Tell me of the side effects ." Yeah?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced by five percent of the patients.
And those include terrible things: debilitating muscle and articulate pain, particular pain, but now they think, "Five percent isn't very likely to happen to me, still to take the medicine."
But a moment.
Remember that under stress, they don't think clearly.
So you think about how they're going to say this over time, so you don't have to make the amount of reasoning in the act.
300 people take the drug, no? A person has helped him, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get out of the drug to help your drug.
I don't say they should or not take the stage.
I just say you have to have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethics requires it, it's part of the beginning of informed consent.
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not.
You're probably thinking that I've launched this number in the air of the crash of the crash, but actually this necessary number to treat is pretty typical.
For the surgery that's more done on the older men of 50, the prostate of prostate for cancer, the number needs to treat is 48.
That's what it is, 49 surgeries for one person who has helped.
And the side effects in that case is produced by 50 percent of patients.
Those include the memory or the electrical dysfunction, the organic unconscious, the racial ignorance, the fecal incentive.
And if you're lucky, and you're one of that 50 percent, the effects are just just a year or two.
So the idea of primitive is to think before time, the questions that you can have to be able to push the conversation forward.
You don't have to do all this in the act.
And you also want to think about the quality of life.
Because of an option, many times, you want a shorter life of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things they talk about and think about it, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change their minds in the heat of the moment, but unless you're trained in this kind of thought.
Remember, our brain is releasing under stress, and one of the things that happens at the time is that a lot of systems are switched.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Now, face with a predator, it's not necessary to the digestive system, or the freedom or the immune system, because if the body is spending the metabolism in those things, it doesn't react . They could be the lunch of lions, so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that comes out of the window during those moments of stress is rational logic thinking, like Danny Kalex and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train to think about the future of these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that all of us are flawed.
We're all going to fail when.
The idea is to think about the future how they might be, to put the systems in the place that will help minimize the damage, or to prevent the bad things happen in the first place.
Rebellion at night in Montreal, when I came back from my journey, my contractor was installed with a combination of combination next to the door, with a key to the entry door, an easy way to remember.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I have not ordered, and lots of messages I have not read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Paolo, "P" is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a "P" on the score, you need to touch more gently.
Two of them, even more soft.
The four of the, extremely soft.
This is my drawing of a poet' tree,' there you see it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of, you know, you may never get to a complete silence.
That's my definition of silence: a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American sign system, the Ashley, besides a little bit of my own story.
The French signs language came over the decade of 1800, and over time time, it mixed with local signs, and the language is developed that we know today as AOL.
So it has a story about 200 years.
I was born deaf . And they taught me to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, now I realize that it's not true for anything.
Sound is a very important part of my life, they are really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I live in a foreign country, following their rules, customs, behaviors and rules without question.
So how do you understand sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my loudspeaker and the sound.
You learn and copied that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds, and I've seen how people respond.
So I've learned, for example.
"Don't remember the door!"
"Don't make a lot of noise when you eat the bag of chips."
"Don't make you wrong, and when you're eating, I'm sure I don't throw the cover on the dish."
All of this is called "sound tag."
Maybe I think about the sound label of what the average person does.
I'm super surveillance of sound.
And I'm always waiting with the sound, which is about to come.
From there, this drawing.
TBP, for deciding.
CAT, for continuing.
TBP, for announcement.
You can see that cliff doesn't have any notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sound through subtle and slick kindness.
In deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the sign for "representative" in the CO2.
A typical analog has five lines.
However, to me, to do this with my thumb, it doesn't feel natural.
That's why I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resident there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painter.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries, and as I was going from one place to another, I realized there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was trend, and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art, it was all hearing.
Now the sound has entered my art territory.
Will art go away?
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it's not only in the ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or experience it visually or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the sound property and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me in terms of sound, decided to leave it and get it down.
I started to create a new body.
And when I presented the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention that I received.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control: social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was alien, it was something of a listener.
And the sound is so powerful that I could get to me and my artistic job, or I could be empowered.
I chose to give you.
There's a massive culture around the language spoken.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like it didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me equally and become my voice.
So I'm able to be relevant to today's society.
So in school, at work and institutions, I work with many different performers of AIMS.
And their voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be listening.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, by asking their voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value, something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I don't continue with this practice, I feel that I could get into the forget and not have any kind of social value.
So, with sound as my new artistic, profound medium in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and ALS.
For example, a musical note cannot be caught and completely express the paper.
And the same thing can say from a concept at AIMS.
The two are very spatial and highly engineered what it means that subtle change can affect the whole meaning so much of the signals like the sounds.
I'd like to share it a metaphor of the piano, so that you understand better how the AIMS works.
So imagine a piano.
The Ashley is divided in many different grammar parameters.
If you assign a different perimeter for every finger as you play the piano, like facial expression, the body movement, the speed, the shape of your hand, and so while the piano is played, the English is a linear language, as if you would just hang a roof at a time.
However, the AIMS is more as a chord, you need the 10 fingers in a simultaneous way to express a clear concept or idea in AOL.
If only a keyboard changed the chord, it would create a completely different meaning.
The same happens with music as well as tone, timbre and volume.
In Stalin, by using these different grammar parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal says that.
This is the point "Free on that."
I'm looking at you.
Look at.
Oh, I was shocked.
Oh, oh.
What are you looking at?
Ah,!
So I started thinking, and if I see AIMS through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and I repeat it over and again, it might be like a visual music piece.
For example, this is the sign of day, the sun comes out and put it.
This is "all day."
If I repeat it and reduce speed, it looks like a musical piece.
All day.
I feel like you can say, "All night."
"All night."
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about three different types of nights: "Night," "at night," "all night."
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how the time is expressed at AIMS and how the distance of the body can express changes in time.
For example, one hero . It's a hand, two hero . It's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is in the back.
So, the first example is, "A long time ago."
Then, "past": "used to" and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic idea and dramatic at a time, "I had once."
"Common time" is a musical term with a specific pace of four times per capita.
However, when I see the word "common time," I automatically think about the same time.
See MD: right hand, E left.
We have the pantier through the head and the chest.
(Music: Moses, blood claw] ["On the chest: E:" I'm going to teach you a shape called "flag warrior."
Can you do it with me?
All of you with your hands.
Now we're going to do so much in your head as the chest, something like "common time" or "the same time."
Yeah, very very good.
That means "love" in the international system.
The international system, as notice, is a visual tool to help communicate in every culture and the languages of signs around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this . Please do it again.
And now this.
It means "colonies" in the Atlantic.
Now, the third one . Please follow me again.
And again.
It's "lighting" at the AI.
We're going to do the three together.
"Love me" and "coloniely" and "lighting."
Good work.
Look at how the three signs are very similar . They all happen in your head and your chest, but you transmit very different meanings.
It's amazing to see how the ALS is alive and prosperous, like music.
However, today, we live in a very friendly world.
And only because the AIMS has no sounds, it automatically doesn't have social value.
We need to begin to figure out what the social value defines and allow Asia to develop its own value, no sounds.
And this might be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn Al-Qaeda, and you don't have to hear to learn music.
AIMS is a rich treasure, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, you can even love us.
Thank you.
Dennis Kanalack: Hey, that is me.
As a child, my parents would tell me, "You can teach everything, but then you have to clean."
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence or a bubble of ignorance I should say, because adults lie to us to protect from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I realized that adults also succeed and that they're not very good at cleaning each other.
The time happened, now I'm an adult and teach citizen and invention at Hong Kong School.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk through the beach, they're having lots of garbage.
So as good citizens, we clean the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if you're, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a spooky thing.
And in the last decades, we've been coming out with these big ships and networks, collecting those plastic pieces to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity, and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those huge boats.
So with my students, with six to 15 years, we dream of inventing a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started to build this team of highly adaptable work, so that very low kids can also participate.
And I'll tell you, kids who manipulate electrical tools are great and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collected the plastic and reduce it to the size that we found it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragmentation.
We do that.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them in something that we expect it to work.
We decided that instead of collecting plastic chunks, we just collect information.
Through the use of a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- the kids are really excited with robots.
Then we quickly created what we call a prototype.
We are so quick in the creation of prototypes that we ended before lunch.
And we make websites and web cameras in accessories, and we put it into a floating robot that will gently move through the water and the plastic we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see plastic chunks floating slowly through the sensor while the onboard computer process this image and measure the size of each particle, to get an estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
Let's do this invention step on a website for inventors called "Instructions," with hope that someone gets better even.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and they're trying to fix it immediately.
I can research my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very informed children.
You see the news, they get the Internet, and they stumbled up with this picture.
A kid, maybe less than 10 years, cleaned a oil spill, just using hands, in Swedes, the largest mangrove of the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water they drink, it's the water in which they're bathe, the water where they're bathe, the place where they live.
You can also see that the water is brown, the mud and oil are also brown, and when everything gets mixed, it's very hard to see what there is in the water.
But there is a simple technology called spectra, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We build a first prototype of a spectrum that can grow through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help identify what's in the water.
So we took this prototype with a sensor, and you would send it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
I can research a problem at a distance -- I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further, maybe I've got a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they downloaded a lot of giant waves, called tsunami, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan.
More than 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear phantom plant from Fukushima, a nuclear central near the water.
And today, according to the reports of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the whole Pacific Ocean has a continuous password.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Fukushima's radiation everywhere.
But if we look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of them, of course, is safe, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fukushima every year from the crash and research in independent ways with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take the children.
Of course we don't take them, parents don't allow it.
But every night we informed the control center -- you see the use of different masks.
It might seem like it didn't take the job seriously, but they did that because they're going to have to live with radiation all their life.
Along with them we discussed the data that was collected that day and we talked about what we were going to do after, the strategies, the engineer, etc.
And to do this, we created a mapping map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the elevation map, we introduced pigments to represent the real time of radiation, and we replace water to simulate the rain.
With this, we were able to notice that the radioactive dust was filtered from the top of the mountain to the broken system and documented in the ocean.
It was an estimate.
But based on this, we organized a civil expedition, the closest of the nuclear central to the date.
We zoom up to a mile of the nuclear core, and with the help of fishing in the area, we were collecting marine stem sediments with a sediment tracking as we invented and build.
Here's a progression: We've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work in these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even begun to try to solve the problems.
I wonder if we should get the leap and try to invent better ways of doing all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small, so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we turned it into the largest space of social and environmental impact.
It's at the Hong Kong center, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a bit of biology, of optical, basically, you can build almost everything there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children's dreams can become true with adult aid, and where adults can be kids again.
Students: acceleration! acceleration!
Black Haro: We asked things like: Can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or, can we help the mobility of the advanced age population transforming their standard wheelchair into new electric vehicles?
Plastic, oil and radioactivity are terrible legacy, but the worst legacy we can leave our kids are the lies.
We can't afford to protect the children in the horrific truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators, dreams, we should prepare the next generation to care about the environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two really opposite declines, two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other of a single thread of silk.
One of them is synthetic, the other organic.
One is made up of the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for her.
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the marble in protest, he saw a figure that he fights for being free.
The corner was unique to Michelangelo.
But living beings are not frozen.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we took all the information, required it for every cell to work and to replicate.
The tools also have consequences.
At least in the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by the rules of manufacturing and production.
The assembly lines have said a world made of parts, encouraging the image of designers and architects, trained to think about their objects as a standard of discussions of discrete parts with different functions.
But you don't find a homosexual material assembly in nature.
Think about human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin with dishes.
The skins of the space are more thick with little pores.
You act mainly as a filter, the other mainly as a bar, and yet it's the same skin: no parts, no assembly.
It's a system that vary gradually its functionality by variation of elasticity.
Here's a dividing screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect to work today between the corner and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between the assembly and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analytics and synthesis, is shown in the two screens after me.
My job, in his simplest level, is about putting these two world views, cutting out of the assembly and getting into growth.
You probably ask yourself, why now?
Why wasn't this possible 10 or even five years ago?
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they're spending four disciplines that offer designers access to the tools we had never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We designed objects, products, structures and tools through scales, large-scale, such as this robotic arm with a 24 meters of diameter with a meeting of a meeting that is not very far away to print entire buildings, and graphics to nanoscale made of genetically engineered microbes.
Here we've reinvent the jealous, an archetype of ancient Arab architecture, and it has created a screen where every aperture is unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt . This was for a Paris's fashion parade with Iran van Herois, it's like a second skin made of one piece, rich in the contours, flexible around the waist.
Together with a 3D printing collaborator, we printed this layer and 3D failure with no consumers between cells . I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combine rigid materials and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a SPECT scanner.
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and synthetic instruments, allowing to design products that are adapted not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the structural, comfortable chair, and also it absorbs sound.
Professor Carter, my collaborator, we come back to nature to inspire, and when we designed this irregular surface pattern, it becomes shocked.
We printed this surface of 44 different properties, which would vary, opposition and color, correspond to the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, makes its functionality not by adding another material or another assembly, but vary continuously and directly material property.
But is it the ideal nature?
There are no parts in nature?
I wasn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them was left to define a lot of what I'm cared about.
As she says, "In the third day of creation, God sent to the Earth to grow a fruit tree of fruit."
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches, leaves and fruits.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land did grow trees with branches, cortex, tables and flowers.
The land created a world made of parts.
I often wonder, "What would design be if the objects were made from a single piece?
Would we come back to a better state of creation?"
So we're looking for the biblical material, the type of material of the fruit tree with fruit, and we find it.
The second most abundant biography on the planet is called the demands, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crab, scorpions and butterflies.
So we thought that if we could tag their properties, we could generate moral structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal market . We asked a lot of faces of shrimp, we hit them, and we brought it up.
The chemical concentration, we've been able to achieve a broad range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, to light and soft and transparent.
To print the large-scale structures, a system was built with multiple amounts of extraordinarily controlled brilliance.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one of the only 30 feet long, 100 percent recyclable.
When the pieces are ready, they're letting them dry to find a natural form to the contact with the air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain physical microorganisms that appeared for the first time on the planet about 3.5 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we found the bacteria designed in order to capture fast carbon in the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without a milk, and if they zoom even further, to windows.
A fruit tree loaded of fruit.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water, and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed to biodegrade, put in the sea, to feed marine life, and put them in the ground, help grow a tree.
The bus for our next exploration using the same principles of design was the solar system.
We're looking for the possibility to create clothes to keep life for interpersonal trips.
To do that, we should master bacteria and control its flow.
So as the periodic table, we did our own items of elements: new forms of life, completely created, naturally manufactured and matched in a biological form.
I like to think about synthetic biology as liquid alchemy, just instead of transporting the beautiful metals, new biological officials are synthesized inside very small channels.
This field is called microphone.
We printed our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothing, two microorganisms combined.
The first is the clinic.
He lives in our oceans and the freshwater ponds.
And the second one, E. coli, the bacteria in the human intestine.
One turns the light into sugar, the other consumption of sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microorganisms do not interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothing.
Think of it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution for design.
To hold these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract, which will help them flow these bacteria and they alter their way.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, varied the properties of the material according to the skill.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we design more transparent channels.
So this portable digestive system, when you stretch from one end to another, is 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our red intestine.
And here it is, as a prison at TED, our first portable phototherapy, brilliant liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shah said, "We are a fashion creatures, only half is made."
What if design will provide the other half?
What if we could create structures that make living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would undermine our skin, would reinvent the tissue damaged and hold our bodies?
Think about this as a way of editing biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, it always has to come back to nature.
Now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
It also knows that nature doesn't do it.
It grows . It adds to sophistication.
This worm of the worm, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home inside which is metabolism.
Now, not adults is about this level of sophistication.
It's doing it through combination not from two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations.
One act as a structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, bringing those fibers together.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first gets up in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then it begins to celebrate a cocoon of compression.
tension and competition, the two forces of life, are manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we push a small magnet to the head of a wave worm, to the line.
We put it inside of a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm.
However, when you put the silk worm on a flat patch, not within a box, we realized that he's a flat chapter and still motoristic.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding, and we've discovered that the shape, the composition, the structure of the cocoon, is transmitted directly by the environment.
It's often boiling the silk worms into the death inside their cocoons, their silk breaks away and it's used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plans we can shape the crude silk without saving a single dome.
It was mutually metabolized, and we could create these things.
So that's how we scan this process up to architectural scale.
We had a holiday robot making silk plates, and we put ourselves on our place.
We knew that silk worms made up towards darker and cold areas, so we use a solar race diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or antibodies, to block the rays of light and heat, distributes silk silk on the structure.
We were prepared to get the edges.
We asked six worms of silk to a online farm.
And after feeding them four weeks, they were prepared with us.
We put them very carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding, and as they were Hillary, they were confined, they got eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much shorter.
Bobby Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and it was right.
The biological silk biological silk on the broken silk, they give all this pavilion their integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks, 6,500 worms of silk is 65 miles.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
The police, after the election, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 25 additional panels in the future.
So here are the two worldview of the world.
A silk thread through a robotic arm, the other full empty.
If the last frontier of design is to give lives to products and buildings around us, to form a two materials ecology, designers should bring these two worldview in the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here's a new age of design, a new age of creation, which brings us from inspired design in nature to a nature inspired in the design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we make ourselves burden of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . Thank you.
Raise your hand if you ever asked them, "What do you want to be?"
If you had to remember what age you had when you first asked this?
You can put it with your fingers.
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question "What do you want to be more?"
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be?"
The problem was not that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked the English, the killing and the art and developed websites, and also, I played guitar in a pub band called Telephand French.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And generally, I like to test and persist all of us, having spent a lot of time and energy, and sometimes money in this field.
But over time, this feeling of boredom, this feeling, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, totally different, and I'm wrong in it, and I'm going to absorb and I'm like, "Yeah! I've found the mine," and then again this point where I start getting bored.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to find out something new and different, and I'd like to get on that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, I'd deny all my other passions, and I'm going to wake up.
Another reason why it caused me so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there was something bad about this, and something bad about me not to be defined by anything.
I was worried to be afraid of engagement, or to be fired, or to self-organized or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something I'd like to have planted you.
Ask yourself, where they learned to assign the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where you learned it: they learned from culture.
We're first asked, "What do you want to be?"
When we are about five years old.
And the truth is, no one cares about what they're at that age.
It's considered an naive question to produce nice responses in the kids like, "Be astronaut" or "being dancing" or "I want to be pirate."
I'm interested in the Haley enjoy here.
This question is done over and again as we grow from various forms, P, high school students ask you they're going to choose in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be?"
It happens from being the nice exercise of before what the dream takes us.
Why?
If this question inspired children to dream of what they might be, not inspired to dream of everything that might be.
In fact, it's just the opposite, because when somebody asks you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even if you adults who are well trained, you might laugh and say, "Oh, what a nice, but you can't be artists and psychology.
You have to choose."
This is Dr. Bob Children and he is anti-wide violence and physiology.
And this Amy Ng, magazine publisher turned into an illustrator, business, teacher and creativity.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The notion of life focused is very identified in our culture.
It's this idea of the destination or the real vocation, the idea that every one of us has something to do in this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is, and spend your life to it.
But if you are somebody who's not connected this way?
What if there are a lot of different topics that wake up your curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do?
There is no place for someone as one in that framework.
And so you can feel just.
You can feel like you don't have a goal.
And feeling that there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You are a multi-to-tank.
A multinational is somebody with many interests and creative activities.
It's a bullet.
It could help whether it's divided in three parts: multiple, potential and quality.
You can also use other terms of terms that connect the same idea, as a scholar, a rest.
At the time of the Renaissance, the ideal was who was well seen in multiple disciplines.
Barack She is referred to us as "scanners."
They use any term you like or invented one.
It seems to me as a species to adapt to a community, we can't agree with an identity.
It's easy to see the mobility as a limitation or a authority that you should beat.
But what I've learned to talk to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are enormous strengths in this way.
Here are three plankton superpowers here.
One: the synthesis of ideas.
I mean, combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new on the intersection.
Shah Hong and Rachel Bina wrote their interests shared in cartography, data visualization, travel, mathematics and design, by founded Mexico.
Mexico is a company that creates jewelry jewelry.
Shah and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his email mix of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's where new ideas came from.
And politicians, with all their background, can access a great amount of these points of intersection.
The second computational superpower is fast learning.
When the crowds are interested in something, we go to that.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We are used to be beginners, because they have been many times in the past, and this means we have less fear of testing new things and stepping out of our comfort zones.
Many skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area that we've done, so we rarely start out of zero.
North Adam is a complete time trip and independent writing.
As a piano child perfect, an amazing ability to develop the muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest mechanism.
Before we become writer, North was financial planner.
He had to learn the finest sales mechanics when he started his practices, and this ability helps her write convincing launch for editors.
It rarely is a loss of time that you're going to go at, even if I finally abandoned it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have foreseen.
The third multicellular superpower is adaptability . That is, the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation.
April Causay is sometimes videos of videos, other, website designer, sometimes the Machine consultant, sometimes teachers, and sometimes apparently, James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles, depending on the needs of their clients.
A Company magazine defines adaptability as the most important ability for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and impossible that these are the individuals and organizations that can be able to be able to make the market needs, the ones that really thrive.
The synthesis of ideas, rapid learning and adaptability: three skills where multinational people are very adept, and three skills that could lose if they're ready to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a big interest in sending the politicians to be themselves.
We have complex, multi-tour problems right now, and we need no conventional creative thinkers to address them.
Let's say they are, in their heart, the specialists.
They came out of the belly, because they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeons.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you.
In fact, some of the best teams are made up of a specialist and a mobile phantom.
The specialist can dive in depth and put it into practice, and the crowd offers a amplitude of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that govern the way how we are connected.
And unfortunately, the players in large parts are encouraged to simply be more like their specialized partners.
So once I said this, if there's one thing that you get from this talk, I hope it's this: reconciliate with the internal wiring, whatever.
If you're a heart specialist, then you have all the media.
That's where you will give the best one.
But for the multinational people in the room, including those who just realized to be one of them in the last 12 minutes, I'm telling you, "Recognize with your many passions."
Keep your curiosity for those rabbits of rabbits.
explore the intersections.
Obsessing our internal wiring leads us to more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, multi-polar, the world needs us!
Thank you.
In 2001, a woman called August took him to a position in Fraud.
And I'd come up and I couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was Albert Alaska.
Agnes didn't know how to help add, but he was flying for her until, unfortunately, he passed in 1906.
After his death, Agnes did a autopsy, and they found weird plates and the spines in the House's brain, of a guy who had never seen.
The most amazing thing.
If I had been alive today, we couldn't give it more help than the German gave him 11 years ago.
Agnes was Dr. wings Alzheimer.
And August Death, the first patient in getting a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimers's disease.
Since 1981, the medicine has advanced a lot.
antibiotics and vaccines have been discovered to protect us from the infections, a lot of treatments for cancer, antibiotics for HIV, status for the heart and a lot more.
But it's recently been produced in Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm a part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's cure for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
The Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, including many of you.
If you expect to live until 85 years or more, the possibility to contract Alzheimer's will be almost one of two.
In other words, there's the probability of their years from Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or being loved with Alzheimer's.
Only in the United States, Alzheimer's food costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical care is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today, it's the most expensive disease, and their costs have an increase of five times in 2050, as the generation of the baby boomers.
They may be surprised, but Alzheimer's is one of the largest medical medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's been relatively little to fight.
Today, one of the 10 world's first causes of death, Alzheimer's is the only one you can't prevent, cure or even slow away.
We understand less of Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
And the U.S. government spends 10 times every year in cancer research than the Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause: lack of consciousness.
Because this is what few people know, but everybody should: Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 114 years, all of them, the scientists, confused Alzheimer's with aging.
We think that it's going to be sensitive in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only to look at a picture of a healthy aging brain in comparison with a patient in Alzheimer's patient to see the actual physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to describe a severe loss of mental memory and mental skills, the damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's disease reducing significantly, and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found found plates and strangers in the Aurora brain, a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that goes as an origami.
There are places in the role that are gorgeous.
And when it folds right, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
It makes the molecules of protein pay in each other, forming groups that can form large plates and lines.
That's what we see in the brain of patients with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to figure out how this dysfunction works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identification of which to block it is complex, how to disappear a bomb.
Court a wire could do anything.
Court people can make the bomb bomb.
You have to find the right step, and then create a drug that does it.
Until a little bit, the wires have been wasted and expected the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, genes, chemicals, physicists, engineers and mathematicians.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process . Now, now there's a new kind of drugs that are doing specifically this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our latest results.
Nobody outside of our lab has seen it yet.
So let's look at a few videos of what happened when they tested these drugs in worms.
These are the healthy worms, and you can see that they're moving with normal.
These worms, on the other hand, have protein molecules that are paid with each other inside them, as humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at a early stage, then we see they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research as this exhibition that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 18 years of waiting, there's real hope of what you can do in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, of overcoming Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to make sure that Alzheimer's is a disease, and that if we try it, we can convince it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have made more research and exercise pressure about governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators.
That was essential to move on the treatment of HIV in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to defeat cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk about themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, the caregivers of their loved ones day and night, are often too keen to go out and advocate for change.
So, really, depends on you.
The Alzheimer's not, in most cases, a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Accenture, who cannot create the change they need to themselves.
Help with them, and help to demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Times Museum in January of this year.
In love with somebody, I do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and my own experience when I was testing myself a night last summer.
So the procedure is quite simple: Two strangers are turned to make 36 questions more and more personal questions, and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of examples of example.
Number 12: If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or ability, what would it be?
Number 28: When was the last time I cried before another person?
And alone?
In the middle of it, they're getting more personal.
Number 30: This is really I like -- Tell you your partner, what you get from him or her -- very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone who you've ever met.
When I met this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but, of course, I was also intrigued.
And when I had the occasion of testing this study, with somebody who knew not particularly, I didn't expect to love me.
Now, we fell in love, and and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the World Mond column a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already August, so I guess some of you probably wonder: Do you still go together?
And the reason I think about this is because I've been asked this question again and again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published, I was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so, I had been told to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entry can come to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually only from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times will be probably a thousand views.
And that cover a good attention burden in a relatively new relationship.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article posted online a Friday night, and already Saturday, this occurred in the traffic of my blog.
And Sunday, I was called the Buddha Show and the American American Google.
In a month, the article got over eight million visits, and I was, by saying something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster the confidence writing with sincerity on love experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news and people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, they always asked the same question: Do you still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search on my email's mailbox with the phrase, "Are you still together?"
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were of students and journalists, and of strangers like this.
I was interviewed in radio and asked it.
Even, I gave a talk, and a woman raised up to the stage, "Hey, May, where is your girlfriend?"
And I immediately got red.
I understand that this is part of the treatment.
If you write about your relationship in an international journal, you should expect people to be comfortable wondering about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the envy of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to be alive.
In fact, the New York Times published a complicated article for Valentine Valenti who included the readers of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first drive on all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not every request that we were both going to make a public emergence together.
He was recorded television interviews, and he was able to tell the photos of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the invisible icons of the love process, a range for which I didn't feel at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know whether it really worked: whether it was able to produce enduring love, not just an adventure, but real love, wasted love.
But this was a question that I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, especially, that people were asking the wrong question.
How do we know if we went together or not, and also to say?
If the answer was not, would you do the experience of making these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the goal of researcher was not to produce romantic love.
Instead, I was seeking to foster interpersonal confinement between university students, using what Aaron called a sustained, progressive personal openness.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study did work.
The participants were very close to doing that -- several later studies also used the Friends' protocol protocol, as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between the members of the police and the community, and they've used it among people of opposing political ideologies.
The original version of history, which was tested last summer, which combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article, but unfortunately it was never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk at a small liberal arts university, and then a student came up to me and said to me, "I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed puzzling for it.
And I want to say that you love the person who you did?
Well he made a pause.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I, do you get better friends?
Do you feel that you were getting better after testing the study?
It was approved.
So it worked," I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer he sought.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
And I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29 and I was looking at a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, which I was basically supposed to all my adult life, and I was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without it.
So I'm wrong in science.
It invaded everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that it could sort of wash your heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the time I thought I just researched for the book I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I was drawn with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and I just felt like that.
And all this knowledge has been useful or other.
I'm more patient with love . I'm more relaxed.
I have more confident to demand what I'm looking for.
But I can also look more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than you can actually tell me.
What's looking for love is a guarantee, not just to be loved today and being loved tomorrow, but to keep being loved indefinitely by the person I love.
It might be the guarantee that people ask when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media told about 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to love it.
There may be a way to somehow mitigate something from the impossible risk, and this is a very appealing story, because it makes us feel beautifully, but it's also terrifying.
But I think that when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I ask: Do they still follow together?
And his content with a answer of yes or not.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like: How do you decide who you love your love and who don't?
How do we stay in love when things are complicated, and how do you know when to cut and distance?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably drives a relationship, or even more, how do you live with your partner's doubt?
I don't know necessarily the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what I love someone.
So, if you want the brief version of the story of my relationship, it's this one -- a year ago, a meeting and I apply a study designed to create romantic love, we fall in love, we still keep together, and I'm very happy.
But fall in love is not the same thing that remains love.
We love the easy part.
So at the end of my article wrote, "Love didn't happen."
We love, because we take the choice to be.
And it's a little bit about reading it now, not because it's not true, but because at the time, I hadn't considered everything that's supposed to.
Don't consider that we would have two times to make that decision, and the time you have to keep doing that choice without knowing before I will always choose or not.
I want you to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love someone so generous, friendly and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest day in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't really believe.
And what I'm looking for, and what I might spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
And I want the very very happy ending in the title of my article, which is, by purpose, the only part of the article I didn't really write.
But what I have instead is the opportunity of choosing to love someone, and the hope that he also love me, and it's terrifying, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a little bit on mountain, and in a certain way, I came up with a gas genome.
I did a while ago, which is really affected me but more details later.
I'll start with when I was eight.
I took a wooden box, and I found a dollar bill, a feather and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our exchanging species ideas is, for example how we eat spaghetti.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has grace because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a given moment I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from excuses and make surf and all those weird things -- and I was making a colleague for my mother.
And I took a dictionary, and I ran all the pages and made a kind of crazy called Agnes Martin, and I covered it and a bee was caught.
Well, my mother is afraid to bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more resin in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed that I increased size, as if you were to look at the text with a magnifying language.
So I did? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs, strange bottles that I was finding out the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I set up to draw around the objects, and I realize that God can draw in space.
I can flow around, I can draw the same way that you do about a body's scene.
And I took the objects, and I created my own technology of invented specimens.
First, botanical -- that you can make an idea.
Then I did some strange insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the resin layer.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was winning some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Simporator.
It was great, man.
At some point I'm interested in the human form, the sculptures of natural size, with drawings of human beings within layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I love.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on glass sheets, similar to the drawing in a window, and another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that form a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resin.
So I did this for years, and my artwork with something very big, I call "technical."
For the "the Tropic" inspired me in a large measure in "The Garden of Decelling" -- which is a painting in the Museum of Prize in Spain.
You know it?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a bit ahead of his time.
Well, the technical . explaining this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five feet long.
It's got double, so it's 10 meters of compassion.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, there is Jesus and the locust.
There is a cave where all these creatures with animals travel between two worlds.
They come from the world of representation, this analog of analog mesh, where they hide.
This is where the creatures with the head of animals are headed in the face, ready to suicide it in the ocean in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a deck.
Billy Graham is in the sea; the Horse -- the oil plate of the Wall, the Okay Bin Laden shame, there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
It's also kind of a woman.
It's coming out of the ocean, and you spit oil in a hand while the other hand comes out clouds.
Their hands are like batteries, and it looks like a mythological being that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's a traffic aspect.
It's a little narrative.
That's the hand that I write.
And then, when you go on the other side, you have a trick, like a bird peak, and you spit clouds of this trajectory.
It also has a $500 tail of a snake tail that joins the technical.
Anyway, his tail is going to fire on a volcano.
I don't know why it happened.
Things that happen, you know.
Your tail ends up in a flying balloon made of technological cards from 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards.
Very ahead . This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects: One is called psychologists.
This is a six year-old project to do 100 of these human beings.
Each is an archive of our culture, through media and material, are angle, dictionaries or magazine.
But every one acts as a kind of file in the way of being human, and they travel into groups of 20, four or 12 at a time.
They're like cells, they come together, they divide.
And you can walk between them . I'm taking years.
Each is basically a bottom of microscope that weighs 3,000 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This has a little cave cave.
That's your head; it's the chest, you can get it into the entrance.
I'm going to take you for the rest of the body: there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and that it makes the penis or notice, or whatever you have, sort of a anti-conflict thing.
It's a quick quickly, because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body in the middle.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that come out and go into the head of this strange statue.
There's a little forest scene inside the horizontal cavity.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, like the boxes we live in.
We are in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box . It's called Project Woods.
Within this box there is a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician, a writer, a radio urchin, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that's all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We lie the box and all the people in the inside of each other as particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you press who is and the box in which it's living . .
And we come together to realize that we are all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, of borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start trading those things with candy and usually we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you hold your head?
They take a vacuum.
But so that this pill has effect against pain, first of all over the stomach, the intestines and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and internal system so that any effective drug is in the body.
The downside, though, is that when you bring it any medication, it gets hurt.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When they take antiretroviral drugs, these are serving the amount of virus in the blood, and increase the CMU cell record.
But they are also known by their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in the time you get into the blood current, they dissolve, and worse even by the time you're going to get into your destination, which is where it's more important: in the HIV condition.
These are regions of the body like lymph nodes, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is incredible, and it's not easily in the blood blood of the patients that are being used to the regular drug drug.
However, after the disruption of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of the treatment of HIV with the actual drugs that is a life treatment administered.
I was like one day, and I thought, "Could you get the treatment directly to the warehouse of the virus, without the risk of drugs?"
As a scientific expert in lasers, the answer was in front of me: lasers, of course.
If they're used in dentistry, for the care of the wounds and surgery of diabetes, they can use for anything imagined, including the intrigued transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open up or profile, extremely small holes, which opens up and routinely close the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best question is, "How is that possible?"
We sent a small, powerful laser injury on the cellular membrane that was infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser takes the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microseconds.
Before even notice, the hole is immediately repaired.
We're now testing this technology in vitro or in Petri plates, but the goal is to bring this technology to the human body, apply to the human body.
"How is that possible?" you can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a three head device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will take an incision in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributes the drug, releases it directly in the site of infection, while the laser is used again to keep cells open.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot about time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to total eradication of the body.
Yes . A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all the researchers of HIV -- in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've studied armed armed groups: armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or military.
They document what these groups do when they're not shooting.
My goal is to understand these generations of violence of violence and studying ways of encouraging the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation.
I do fieldwork, in the world of politics and in library.
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost every conflict in it, because war has changed.
It used to be a dispute between states.
No.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-governmental actors.
For example, from the 265 peace agreed between 1975 and 2011, 19 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups; we need to engage them or defeat them in any process of successful conflict resolution.
But how do you do it?
We have to know what motivates these organizations.
We really know the reasons why they fight, how they do, but no one analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and politicians are related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to defeat them, without a global vision.
Today armed groups are complex organizations.
For example, the Lebanon Health, known by its violent face against Israel.
From their creation in the 1980s, Hazare has also established a political party, a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Hamas, known by their suicide attacks against Israel, also runs the Gaza Strip since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting.
They're multitasking.
They set up a complex communication machine: radio stations, TV channels, Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the AIDS magazine, print English and published to recruit.
armed groups also invest in a complex recognition of fundamental fundraising, but by cost-effective business -- for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
The armed groups also do something more: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, hospitals, they put on professional training, professional training programs.
It provides all these services and more.
The armed groups also treat the population of the population by giving them something that the state doesn't provide: security and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghan Afghanistan, or even the beginning of the AIDS promotion, can also understand the efforts of these groups for providing security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by government, and it allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the electrogram of 2006 from the Palestinian tennis cannot be understood without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think on the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or long-term vision.
These groups are hybrids.
They grow because they fill gaps left by government, and they emerge as armed and political groups, participating in violent struggle and they give governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated are these organizations, the less we can catalog it as a state.
How do you call a group like Hopa?
They die part of a territory, they adopt all of their functions, they pick up the trash, they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebel group?
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what is PISA?
The lines get down.
We live in a world of states, with no state and hybrids, and the weaker the states are, like in the current Middle East, they come and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counteract these groups, they will have to invest more in military tools.
Getting that government gap has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and use peace.
If we get a better understanding to armed groups, we will understand better what incentives will offer to feed the transition of violence to nonviolence.
In this new dispute between states and non-lethal actors, military power can win some battles, but not peace and stability.
To achieve these targets, we need to have long-term investments to fill that gap of security, to fill the government gap that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are young, but I fear I would accept openly the "feminist" label would be unfair for the feminist.
I'm a feminist, but pretty bad.
And so I'm a bad feminist.
Or, at least, I wrote an article, and a book called "Bad feminist" and then in interviews, people started calling me the Bad feminist.
So, what started as a remarkable personal joke and a deliberate approach, has become something bigger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth, and at the age of 20, I had strange ideas about the feminist, these hairy women, angry with the men and hated sex, as if that was something wrong.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people at the point that could be feminist.
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation, a total and nasty word.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which he asked too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's like a man.
No one wants to be that rebel woman, until you realize that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist, and besides, proud of being.
For me, certain claims are irrevival: women are equal to men.
We deserve the same floor for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want it, free or violence.
We have to be right to use easy and accessible the contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need of legislative control or Doctors.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women needs, you have to have our other identities.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, gender expression, religion and sexuality, social condition, skills and much more.
We need to have these differences and how it affects us, the same way that we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evident, but to be clear: I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make a bad feminist.
I have another confession.
When I drive the job, I listen to rap music to all volume.
Even though the letter degraded women, and I'm deeply offended, the classic "Salt Street" of the Yin Thomas Twain is amazing.
"Make it reality with your wet shirt.
bitch, hurt, move until you hurt your shell!"
Think about it.
Poor poetry, right?
I'm completely engaged by my musical tastes.
I firmly believe in the work of the man, which is everything I don't want to do, including -- all the domestic tasks, but also killing insects, garbage collection, lawns care and maintenance.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy the fashion magazines and the beautiful things.
I can see "The Galapagos" and the romantic comedy, and I've got absurd fantasies of the fairy stories that are actually made.
Some of my dolphins are more discarded.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband, it's his choice, and I'm not to judge.
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise her children, he accepted that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is embedded in a way that makes women economically vulnerable when they choose.
We solve this problem.
It increases conventional feminism that has ignored or declared historically the needs of women in color, the workers, the humanities and trans, to favor of white, heterosexual, middle-class.
Listen, if that's a very bad feminist, I'm a very bad feminist.
The next thing is, as a feminist, I feel a lot of pressure.
We've got this tendency to put features apart in a pedestal.
We're hoping that they dropped to perfection.
When you're disappointed, we would take them with a lot of taste from the same pedal where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster, I already consider me from that pedal before I try to put you there.
Too many women, particularly the innovators and the leaders of the sector, they're afraid of being labeled as feminist.
They're afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm feminist" for fear of what that sticker means, for fear, not to be able to meet with the unlikely expectations.
Let's take for example, or as I call it, the God.
In the last few years it's a decentralized feminist.
In the Union Museum of 2014, at MTV, I act in front of the word "feminist" of three meters tall.
It was a magnificent show, to see this star star openly embracing the feminist and making the women and the young men that being feminist is something to be proud.
The time, the cultural critics began to begin with endless debates if Belinda was or not quite a feminist.
They trained his feminism, instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We chose perfection of the feminist, because we're still struggling for a lot, we want a lot, we need so carefully.
We go far beyond the critical and constructive criticism, to address the feminism of any woman, to destroy it until nothing is left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminist, or rather, a more inclusive feminism is the point of departure.
But what happens next?
We went from recognizing our imperfections to realize, going to action and being a little bit more brave.
If I hear degraded music, I'm creating a demand for artists that are more happy to provide an unlimited supply.
These artists don't change their way to talk about women in their songs until we have the change effectively affecting their gains.
Certainly it's hard.
Why do you have your music that will be so widespread?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions, it makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think in my nieces, three and four years old.
It's two great girls, decide and brilliant, and also very brave . I want you to grow in a world.
Where you get to the strong creatures that are.
I think of them, all of a sudden, the best option is about something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program deals to sexual violence against women as a sports, it turns the Game of Thrones.
We can change radio scanning when we hear songs that treat women as anything.
We can spend our money to go to cinema in another part when movies don't treat women more than as a decorative objects.
We can stop supporting the professional sports where athletes treat their peers as police sacks.
In any case, the men, especially men, heterosexual men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, I'm going to participate in your project, or working with you, until you don't include a number of women, so much to participate as to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication, or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people."
Those of us who are supported, but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also refuse to be included until more like us are welcome to the barriers to the decision-making.
Since we are not groupers . Without these efforts, without embracing these positions, our accomplishments are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of courage and hope that our decisions get to the top, the people in the directors and the producers of film and music producers, CEOs, legislators, people who can make great decisions, more courageous, to create a lasting and meaningful change.
We can also claim with the value of our feminism, well, bad, or whatever.
The last line of my book "Bad feminist," he says, "Would you rather be bad feminist not to be at all."
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I tell you, about all, because my voice had been stolen and the feminist helped me get it back.
There was an incident.
I call it an incident to address what happened.
A few kids got me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me as though.
I started to believe that it was not.
They stole my voice, and after all, I'm not going to believe I could say something that might matter.
But I was writing.
And I went back to writing.
I was reminded in a stronger version of myself.
The words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and of the women who looked like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
The words of women who showed me was not anything.
I learned how to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminism, I also found that if I was a little brave, another woman could hear and see me and realize that none of us is nothing that the world is trying to tell us we are.
In a hand, I have the power to do anything.
And in the other hand, I'm holding the quiet reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist, I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
I hope we could do the same thing.
I hope that we could all be a little brave, when you need it from such value.
Just after Christmas last year, 133 children in California had a measles to have dressed Disneyland or to be exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then attracted the border with Canada, affecting more than 100 children in Quebec.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a weakened immune system is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine for this for more than half a century, but many of the children involved in the Disorneyf outbreak hadn't been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly worse: autism.
But a moment, it wasn't the article that has made politics on autism and vaccines and disappointed and discarded and marked by being a fraud deliberate by the British Medical Journal?
Don't most intelligent scientists believe the theory that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity?
I think most of you know it, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines are in danger to their children of having autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the rise of autism over time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and requests that I had heard about her create all their professional lives without seeing a single case.
For decades, prevalence of prevalence remained just three or four children per 10,000.
But then in the 1990s, the numbers started shooting.
fundraising organizations like automated Audience referred to autism as a epidemic, as if I could share another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If you're not vaccines, what is it??
If you ask people in the Control of Disease Control, what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like "an amazing diagnostic criteria" and "a better detection of cases" to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language is not a lot of the fears of a young mother who looks for the face of their two year-old son, the visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism as difficult to find before the 1990s??
Five years ago, I decided to discover answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with the slow and cautious progress of science than with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be false, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a very precise story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and we have to go.
The first story begins with a child psychiatrist, Leo Kanna, the Johns Hopkins Hospital . In 1943, Kanzi published an article who described 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit private worlds, never even their parents.
They were able to break their hands down to their faces, but they were prey of panic by charity as when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
Over the base of patients in their clinic, Kenya speculated that autism is very weird.
Over the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, he declared that he had seen less than 150 true cases of their syndrome as he collects reference of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because the criteria of Kanzi for the diagnosis of autism were very restrictive.
For example, you've been able to give that diagnosis to children with convulsions, but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
He once broke that he had turned nine out of 10 children who were sent by other doctors to their consultant for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanzi was a smart man, but part of her theories were not certain.
He classify autism as a form of child physics caused by cold and discarded parents.
These kids, he said, they have kept carefully in a fridge that they didn't dismiss.
At the same time, however, Kanzi noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that they clustered in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before they turned the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said, "Beethoven."
But Kanzi had a bad opinion of these skills, claiming things like the kids were simply redesigning what they had heard of their favorite parents, desperate for making their approval.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own well, becoming invisible to the world in general.
Remarkably, it wasn't until the 1970s that researchers began to test the theory of Kenya that autism was rare.
London Window, Cognitic Copy of London, thought that the theory of the neurons of Kanzi was quite stupid.
She and his husband John were a warm and he was happy, and they had a deep autistic daughter called suffering.
London and John knew how hard it was to raise a child as Susan without services, no special education, and no access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Service of Health that they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, London and their colleague Judy Gould decided to do something that should be done 30 years before.
They did a study of autism prevalence in the general population.
And they gave a suburb in London called Catalists to try to find autistic kids in the community.
What you saw is that the Kenyan model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids couldn't talk at all, whereas others were cooled in their fascination for astrophysics, in the dinosaurs or the genealogy of it.
In another way, these kids didn't fit up in beautiful, last kids, as Jewish said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the Kanna monolithic would have predicted.
At the beginning, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did nobody have been perceived from these kids before?
But then London found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, the next year on Kanalom's article, and then forgot, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Bandura knew about this piece of competition, but he avoided marketing it in his own work.
There wasn't even a translation to the English, but luckily, the husband in Latin spoke German, and he translated it to her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Asperger, who ran an integrated clinic with an interesting school in Vienna in the 1930s.
And the ideas of Asperger for the teaching of children with learning differences were progress even for contemporary standards.
The morning on their clinic started with example of exercise with music, and kids follow their games in the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Asperger described it as a political disability of life that would require compassionate forms of support and spaces adapted throughout the entire life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Asperger would call them their little teachers, and they were devoted to help in the development of education methods that were particularly adequate for them.
So fundamentally, Asperger saw autism as a continuum that was going to have a surprising variety of gifts and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and always have been, seeing aspects of this continuum in archetype known in the pop culture, like the awkward social scientist and the teacher's teacher.
He was beyond even saying, that for success in science and art, a piece of autism is essential.
Lora and Judy discovered that Kanzi was wrong when autism was wrong, as the parents were the causes.
In the next few years, they worked on silence with the American Association of psychiatry to expand the criteria of the diagnosis of what they called "autistic spectrum."
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes went into a dive, suggesting the limited model of Kanzi for a broad and inclusive of Asperger.
So these changes didn't fit in broken sugar.
And coincidentally, when London and Sweden worked in the bus to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before I came out in 1988, just a small circle, commissioned by experts, I knew what the autism was, but after the inevitable act of Duke Hubble and Riochels Babbage and the "Kingdom Man," with four awards of the Academy, prices, psychologists, teachers and parents around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials were introduced to use to diagnose autism.
I shouldn't have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of "Rain Man," and the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these trials created a network, a perfect storm of autism consciousness.
The number of diagnosis began to lift up, just like Latin and Judai predicted, actually expected it to be, getting people with autism and their families eventually get support and services they deserve.
So Andrew Warpon came to blame vaccines for the increase in diagnosis -- a simple, powerful, self-confident history, as bad as the Kanne theory that autism was often.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that 1 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, the astronauts are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have been united on the Internet to reject the idea that they are replaced by solving by new medical advances, bringing the term "neuroscience" to celebrate the variety of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, obviously, and suffering from attention deficit to detail.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still getting to Asperger, which thinks that "cure" for the most comprehensive aspects of autism are in the understanding of teachers, employees with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Buddha Zaye once said, "We need all the hands in deck to lead the boat of humanity."
As we navigate towards an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to deal with the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste or a brain.
Thank you.
