You know what I do is write for the kids , and , in fact , I 'm probably the author for kids , more read in the United States .
And I always tell the people I do n't want to seem like a scientist .
I can wear as a farmer , or with leather clothing , and nobody has chosen a farmer .
I 'm here to talk to you today about circles and epiphanies .
And you know that an epiphany , usually , is something that fell to you somewhere .
You just have to turn the apple back to see it as an epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the complicated kind of circle that I 'm going to talk about .
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school , in <unk> , Ohio , where I was the rare class of class .
When he was beaten up until she would bleed every week in the bathroom bathroom , until a teacher saved me life .
She saved my life when she got into the bathroom 's bathroom .
I did it .
For three years .
I had to leave the city .
I had a thumb , 85 dollars , and ended up in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s , I felt the need to start working on organizations that fight AIDS .
About three or four years ago , half of the night I got a phone call from that teacher , the <unk> lady who said , `` I need to see you .
I 'm as adults never got to know ourselves .
You could go to Ohio , and please bring that man who I know you 've found .
And I have to tell you that I 've got pancreatic cancer , and I 'd like you to stand up with it please . ''
Well , the next day , we were in Cleveland .
We went to see , we laugh , we laugh , we cried , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
We found a place , the <unk> , and we take it out of his family , because necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And as the woman who wanted to know as an adult came to know me , it became a box of cinders , and he was put in my hands .
And what happened was that the circle had closed , it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I told you about it was done in itself .
<unk> is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I save her from it .
And you know that that part of life needs all the rest of life .
It needs truth and beauty , and I 'm very happy that I 've talked today a lot about this .
It also needs -- it needs dignity , love and pleasure , and it 's our work to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , the connection is very important for me .
Through my work , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected .
I was for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago , and I saw my first <unk> .
I was amazed .
My heart can fast , I was <unk> , trying to understand what I was in front of me .
I put it to my <unk> around the water about 60 feet , and I could n't even think that it was a snowflake about another snow over the year after year .
It 's born when they fall from the glaciers or break the walls of ice .
Every eardrum has its own individual personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some people refuse to give up and hold hold up to the end , while others ca n't stand it more , and they 're being reinvented in a dramatic passion .
It 's easy to think , by seeing an iceberg , which are isolated apart and alone , as much as we see us sometimes as humans .
But reality is all the opposite .
As an iceberg , an iceberg , I 'm breathing their ancestral atmosphere .
As an iceberg , an iceberg release water , rich in minerals that feeds many forms of life .
I come up to photograph these <unk> as if it was the portraits of my ancestors , knowing that at these unique moments exist in that way and will not exist in that way again .
It 's not death when you melt ; it 's not an end , but it 's just a continuation of its way through the cycle of life .
Part of the ice of the <unk> I photograph is very young -- it 's a couple thousand years old .
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years .
The last picture I 'd like to show you are a iceberg that I photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's rare to actually get a rolling eardrum .
Here it is .
You can see the left one .
It 's about five meters .
And I 'd like to pay attention to the form of the iceberg and your line of <unk> .
You can see here , it starts rolling , the ship has moved to the other side , and the man is standing there .
This is a iceberg from Greenland , <unk> .
Get water about 120 feet or 40 feet .
This video is in real time .
And so on , the eardrum shows a different side of his personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same time , every single baby . Okay .
So , two couples every one with a baby .
I do n't want you to be arrested too much in the details of conception , because if you stop thinking about conception , you 're not going to pay attention .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And on this stage , I want you to imagine that , in a case , the chromosome and sperm joins the X chromosome from the egg .
And in the other case , the X chromosome from the sperm joins the X chromosome from the egg .
Both turn and starts life .
We 'll go back to talk about them later .
In my ground activity to deliver two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the story of anatomy .
I 'm <unk> by training and what I study in this case is the way people explore anatomy -- namely , human bodies and <unk> , how they have considered body fluids , the idea of the body , what have you thought about the body .
The other role that performance in my work is an activist , as a advocate of patients , or , as I say sometimes , <unk> <unk> of people who are medical patients .
In this case , I 've been working with people whose physical characteristics defy social norms .
I 've been working , for example , with <unk> twins , two people inside one body .
I 've worked with people with <unk> ; people much lower than the average .
And I 've worked with many cases of people with un-typical sex , individuals whose physical typology does n't fit into male schemes and conventional female schemes .
You can call it <unk> .
<unk> took a lot of ways .
I 'm going to give you some examples in ways to have a sex that does n't be constrained by male or female forms .
For example , there is the case of the individual based on an XY brain , whose <unk> gene of the chromosome , and it tells the <unk> , that we all have in the fetal life , which are <unk> .
And then , in fetal life , testes make testosterone .
But because this individual lacks testosterone lacks testosterone , the body does n't react to the same .
It 's the <unk> syndrome .
So there 's high testosterone levels , but no reaction .
As a result , the body develops on a single female course .
When you 're born , the baby has looked like a child .
It 's a girl . He 's raised as a girl .
And often , it 's not about until puberty , when it 's growing and developing breast , but it does n't have the menstrual cycle , when someone realizes something 's going on .
After doing tests , they realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus , he actually has testicles and a chromosome .
The important thing to understand is that you can think it 's a man , but actually it 's not .
Women , as men , we have in the body , we have something called <unk> glands .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the hormone <unk> hormone .
Most women like myself -- I consider a typical woman ; it does n't know his <unk> structure ; I believe being a typical woman most of women like me are sensitive to <unk> .
We create <unk> , and we respond to <unk> .
As a result , someone like me has the most exposed to <unk> that the woman who was born with testicles that has the <unk> syndrome .
So sex is a complicated thing . It 's not that the <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in a way they can be everywhere .
Another example : a few years ago , I got a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as a male male , had a girlfriend , and sex with her , had a life like a kid , and I had just found that he had ovaries and uterus .
He had an extreme form of disease known as <unk> <unk> <unk> .
He had the 20th century , and in the uterus , <unk> glands were so active that , essentially , they created a hormone environment .
As a result , their genitals were <unk> , his brain was exposed to the hormone component of the male typically .
He was born as a child ; no one <unk> nothing .
And it was 19 , when he started to have medical problems caused by the internal menstruation , when doctors found that , in fact , it was a woman in the inside .
Well , another quick example of a case of <unk> .
Some people with 20th 20th people develop what 's known as <unk> , which is , they have tissue wrapped wrapped in tissue tissue .
We do n't know why that happens .
So , there are many varieties of sex .
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies are being dwarfed , <unk> twins , or <unk> <unk> surgeries that are not so able to have a better physical health .
In many cases , people are perfectly healthy .
The reason they 're tested in various surgeries is that they 're a threat to our social categories .
The system is based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings us a particular identity .
We have the idea that being a woman is female identity ; supposedly , being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms .
A terribly simplistic idea .
And when you show us a body that shows something quite different , we have problems with <unk> .
So we have very romantic ideas , so we have very romantic ideas in our culture .
Our nation is based on a very romantic concept .
Imagine how amazing it is to have children born like two people within one body .
The highest case is last year in the past year with <unk> <unk> <unk> ; it was put in cloth by judgment in the Berlin <unk> in Berlin .
Many journalists called a question , `` What do you test are going to do to determine whether <unk> <unk> is a man or a woman ? ''
And I had to explain to journalists that there is no such thing .
In fact , we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does n't trace a <unk> line between men and women or men and <unk> and women , and we 're all of us who draw that line .
So what we have is a situation where the more we go through science , the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were a stable annual categories that was embedded directly with stable <unk> categories -- they 're much more nuanced than we thought .
And not just in terms of sex .
Also in terms of race , something that 's much more complicated than the terminology allows for .
As we see , we go into a rough terrain .
Look , for example , the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees .
What about the fact that they were <unk> from them in just a few nucleotides ?
And as we moved into science , we get increasingly more and more in an awkward area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that are probably too simplistic .
And we 're looking at this in all walks of human life .
One of them , for example , in our current culture , in the United States today , are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life .
It 's hard to set up a moment from which a body gets human and has different rights to the <unk> .
There are very heated people today not in public , but it 's inside the <unk> of when someone is considered dead .
Our ancestors never had to deal with this issue of whether someone was dead .
As a lot of you put a pen in front of his nose , and if he moved it still , I did n't know it .
If I stopped moving around it .
But today we can , for example , extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body .
And as a consequence , we have to address a dilemma to actually determine somebody 's death , and this puts us in a hard situation where we do n't have the simple categories of the past .
And you might think that this explosion of categories could be happy to someone like me .
I 'm progressive , I 'm progressive , claim people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that it gets me nervous .
You 'll argue that these categories are much more fragile than we were thinking so hard .
It was <unk> from the concept of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension first , I have to admit that I 'm a fervent fan of my wrist .
I know they were racist , I know they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so brave and audacious and so radical and so radical in what they did , that I find each so much looking at that <unk> `` 1776 '' and not by music , which is totally <unk> .
It 's because of what happened in 1776 with my eardrum .
Parents go , for me , the first anatomy of the anatomy and explain why .
What they 'd been rejected was a anatomic concept , and it 's <unk> with another one that was radical and beautiful and stayed for 200 years .
And , as you all remember , what 's been rejected by our armpits yesterday was the idea of monarchy . monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy .
The old world 's old world did not know the DNA , but they had clear the idea of the right of birth .
They had the concept of blue blood .
They were from the idea that the political power was coming in the right of the blood passed from father to father , and then the son and so on .
So , everybody rejected that idea and the replaced for a new anatomic concept , and that concept was that all men are created the same .
They were doing the game camp and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the orchestra differences . That was a very radical thing .
And they were partly doing it because they 're part of a <unk> system where two things were happening .
It was raising democracy and at the same time when we were born in science .
And it remains very clear , if you look at the story of the RTPJ , that many were very interested in science and the idea of a naturalist world .
They were <unk> of supernatural explanations , and therefore rejected the concept of supernatural power passed through a vague idea of birth .
They were moving towards a <unk> concept .
And if we look at , for example , the Declaration of Independence , talk about nature and the god of nature .
They do n't talk about God and the nature of God .
They talked about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
And a result , they were broadcasting the idea of anatomical coincidence .
And in doing so , they were laid the foundations of the Civil Rights movement .
They did n't think about that , but they did it for us and it was great .
And what happened years later ?
And the women succeeded .
Then it came to the Civil Rights movement with people of <unk> <unk> , who said , `` I 'm not a woman ? ''
We found men in the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
Again , people of color that are going to get to the anatomical coincidence about the anatomical difference , and again , they succeeded .
We see the same thing with the <unk> movement .
The problem is , of course , as we look at the coincidences , we need to start asking why we keep certain divides .
But , attention , I want to keep some anatomic divisions in our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give a fish the same rights as a human .
I do n't want to say that we should be <unk> before anatomy .
I do n't want to say that at five years of five , they were allowed to have sex or married .
There are some anatomic divisions that for me make sense , and that I think we should maintain .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are , why to keep them and if they make sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two creatures for the beginning of this talk .
We have two beings , both biased in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day .
Imagine that one of them , Mary , was born three months before time : June 1 , 1980 .
Henry , on the contrary , was born in the term , was born the 1 of 1980 .
By the fact that Mary was born three months before Mary is attributed to all three months before I Henry -- the right to the sexual consent , the right to vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all of that not because he has a different biological age , but because he was born after .
We found other oddities about their rights .
Henry , in virtue of being considered a man , if I did n't tell you whether it 's <unk> , by virtue of being considered man now , it 's <unk> from the mandatory <unk> of that Mary does n't have to worry .
Mary , for his part , does n't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states , for example .
Henry can marry all the states with a woman , but Mary can marry a woman only in some states .
So there are still anatomic categories that in several ways are real laughter and questionable .
And now the question is : What do we do now that science advanced so much in the field of anatomy we have to have to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could crumble ?
I do n't want to give up science , but at the same time sometimes I feel like science escapes by us .
Where are we going ?
It looks like what happens in our culture is a pragmatic attitude : `` Well , we have to draw the line somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But a lot of people are stuck in a rare position .
For example , Texas at a moment has decided that to get married a man , you do n't have to have a little bit of chromosome and get married with a woman to have chromosome .
Now , in practice , they do n't do tests for people .
But this is also very strange , given the story that I told you at the beginning of the <unk> syndrome .
If we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in his speech , `` I write to a dream '' `` I 'm watching a solution .
It says that we should be judge people , `` based on the color of their skin , but in the content of their character , '' going beyond the anatomy .
And I want to say , `` Yes , the idea seems very good . ''
But in practice , how do you do it ?
How do you judge people on the content of their character ?
I want to point out , well , I 'm not sure that I 'm not sure that we should be able to do this for understanding rights to people , because I have to admit that I know some <unk> <unk> who probably deserve more social services than some humans I know .
I also want to say that maybe some <unk> that I know can make more informed , intelligent , mature decisions about their sexual relations than I know about .
So how do you put the theme of the content in practice ?
It 's very difficult .
And a part of me asks what if the character of one person could in the future will be measured with an instrument , maybe an MRI .
Do we really want to get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we go .
What I do know is that it seems to be very important that the U.S. is going to continue this current thinking of thinking relative to democracy .
We 've done a good job in defense of democracy , and I think we 're going to do a good job in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in a context like the Iranian in which a man who is being attracted by other men is susceptible to being killed , unless they 're willing to defend sex , in which case it 's being willing to live .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm happy to say that we do n't have a context like the one surgeon who talked about a couple of years ago that I had made light twins , to then pick them apart , and so they did his fame .
But when the phone was asked , he was a <unk> operation , and he told me that in that other country these kids would be very abused , and therefore he had to do it .
And I said , `` Well , he 's considered the political asylum instead of the surgical separation ? ''
The United States offers huge possibilities for people to be who are not <unk> to change by the sake of the state .
So I think we have to be on your head .
Well , to wrap it up , I mean I 've been talking a lot about my wrist .
And I want to think about what the democracy would be , or as it could have been , if we had given more participation to mothers .
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist , and it 's that I think there may be different ideas coming from different anatomic beliefs , in particular if there are people thinking about them .
For years , since I 've been interested in <unk> , I 've also been interested in investigating sexual difference .
And one of the things that I 've been interested in is the differences between men and women in terms of how we think and to operate in the world .
And what we know about <unk> studies is that women , on average , not all , but in <unk> tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to deal with those who are <unk> within the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
And years ago , when I was in graduate , one of my advisers who knew I was interested in feminism that I thought was a feminist thought , as <unk> made me a strange question .
`` Tell me what 's got to female female . ''
And I thought , `` It 's the stupidest question I 've heard .
Feminism has to do with unpicking the stereotypes of gender , so there 's nothing female to feminism . ''
But the more I 've thought about the question , and the more I 've thought about it , I 've got a little female to be female .
I mean , there could be something , on average , something different between the female 's brain and the male that makes us more <unk> to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
So , if the reaction was very attentive to find the way to protect people from the state , it 's possible that , to have put more mothers to this concept , maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with a reciprocal support .
And maybe that 's what we need to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy : thinking less in the individual body , in terms of identity , and thinking more about relationships .
So as we try to create a more perfect union , let 's think about what we do for the others .
Thank you .
In 2007 , I decided we had to reconsider how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where they want to go to live and work , they have the possibility to choose between less a handful of different cities that are competing for attracting new residents .
Well , at this point , we 're far away from that goal .
There are billions of people in developing countries that do n't count a single city willing to <unk> .
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth a lot more than their construction cost .
So we could easily get into the world tens , maybe hundreds , new cities .
Well , this may sound absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But they simply hated by apartment buildings .
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments were already owners , and that the other half still is not going to do it .
You could try to increase the ability to rise in all the existing buildings .
But you know that the problem that you 're going to do is that those buildings and the areas around them have rules to avoid discomfort and the distraction of building .
So it would be very difficult to do all those <unk> .
But they could go to a whole new place , to build a whole apartment building building , always , and when the rules of that place , the construction instead of getting <unk> .
So I proposed that governments are going to bring up new reform zones to contain cities , and I gave them a name : cities .
Later I learned about the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge of reform Honduras .
They knew that every year around 75,000 <unk> will die from their country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and make those same things in Honduras .
In the summer of 2009 , Honduras passed through a harrowing constitutional crisis .
In the next regular elections , <unk> <unk> had been imposed on a platform in which promised reforms and the same time reconciliation .
He asked her to be his chief cabinet .
Meanwhile , I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal .
Through a process of refinement , trial and error , and a great deal of evidence with users , I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under new charter to their most essential ideas .
The first point was the importance of norms , like those rules that say you ca n't go and bother all of the current residents of apartments .
We 've got a lot of attention to new technologies , but it takes so much of technologies as a progress of progress , and usually they are the rules that keep us out .
In the fall of 2010 , a friend of Guatemala sent to <unk> a <unk> link .
He showed it to <unk> .
They called me .
They said , `` Let 's get this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December , we met in Miami , in a hotel room .
I tried to explain to you about how valuable cities are , much more valuable than their monetary cost .
And I used this picture that shows the value of the land in a place like New York -- look , the land that , in some cases , are worth thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was a pretty abstract discussion , and at some point , when there was a pause , <unk> said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk . ''
And the talk was described in very simple terms that a low city is a place where it starts with <unk> terrain , a charter that specifies the rules that were going to be held there and a choice for people to choose whether they want to go or not live under those rules .
So President ' President called me , and told me that we had to do this project , this is important , this could be the way for us to move forward .
He asked me to go back to <unk> and I 'd talk again about four and five in January .
So I presented another talk full of data , which included a picture like this , which was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city , this has to be very big .
This is a picture in Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver .
Only this airport is covering over 100 square kilometers .
So I was trying to convince the <unk> that to build a new city , you have to start with a site that is about at least 1,000 square kilometers .
That 's over 100,000 acres .
Everybody <unk> politely .
The faces of the audience were really serious and attentive .
The Congress leader approached the platform , and he said , `` Professor <unk> , thank you very much for your talk , but maybe we could see the video of the talk .
I have here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed me the TEDTalk .
And this explained the essentials that a new city can provide new choices for people .
There would be a choice of a city that you could go in Honduras , instead of hundreds of miles away to the North .
And it also would include new options for leaders .
Because government 's government leaders would need help from partnerships with partnerships , they could benefit from the countries that they would help them to establish and make the patterns of the charter , so that everybody could trust that the charter of it will actually be able to make .
We went and saw a site .
This picture is there .
It could easily cover a thousand square miles .
And soon after the 19th of January , you voted in Congress to <unk> their Constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that would allow us to create these special development regions .
In a country that had just passed through this painful crisis , the voting in Congress for this constitutional amendment was <unk> to one .
All the parties , all the factions in society , was getting out .
<unk> in the Constitution , you have to pass twice in Congress .
The 17th of February was passed again in another voting , from analogous to one .
Immediately after the ballot , from the 21 to February 24 , a delegation of 30 <unk> is to both places in the world that are most interested in engaging in cities .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that 's building in South Korea ; it 's bigger than the Boston center .
All you see there was built in four years , after that they spent four years getting permission .
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore .
In fact , they 've built two cities in China , and they 're preparing for a third .
And if you think about this in practical mode , this is the point where we are .
They have a place , and they 're thinking about a site for the second city .
They 're preparing a legal system that would allow the managers to come , and they would allow the managers to operate under an external legal system .
A country has already been committed to allowing its Supreme Court to be the ultimate court court for this new judicial system .
There are urban and cities of cities that are very interested in the project .
You can even get some funding .
But the only thing we know you have already solved is that they have a good number of people .
There are many companies that wanted to move in the Americas , especially in a place with a free trade zone , and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there .
In the world there are 700 million people who say they 'd like to change immediately to another place .
There 's a million per year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to go to get a job ; they 're sometimes mothers who have to make money to just eat or buy clothes .
Unfortunately , sometimes there are even kids who are trying to meet with their parents who have n't seen , in some cases , in a decade .
So what seems to you think about building a new city in Honduras ?
Or do you build a dozen of these , or a hundred of these all over the world ?
What seems to you to think about insisting that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends <unk> was asked to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what 's inside , I 'm going to make a public confession , and that is that I live obsessed with suits .
I love to find , wear , and more recently , photograph and publish my blog , colorful and different each time .
But I do n't buy anything new .
All my clothes is two <unk> of <unk> markets and <unk> .
Ah , thank you .
<unk> stores allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and in my wallet .
I go to meet <unk> people -- usually my money goes to a good cause , and I look at it , and buy becomes my personal search for treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
Is it my size ?
Do you like the color ?
Will it cost less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel I 've won .
Going back to my <unk> , I want to tell you what I 'm going to do for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , what brings to someone who has all that clothes ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought .
I 've brought seven pairs of underwear , and nothing else .
<unk> inside for exactly a week is everything I 've put in my <unk> .
I thought I would be able to find everything else that I 'd like to use after you get here to Palm Springs .
And because you do n't know me as the woman walking through TED in underwear , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now the sets for this week .
Does n't it sound interesting ?
As I do , I 'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that , believe it or not , I 've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing .
Let 's start with Sunday .
I call this brilliant tiger .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to look good .
You can almost always see it phenomenal for less than 50 dollars .
All the whole thing , including the jacket , took me 55 , and it 's the most expensive thing I 've used in a week .
Monday : color is energy .
It 's almost impossible to be a bad mood , when you 're wearing a bright red pants .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other happy people happy .
Tuesday : The integration is <unk> .
I 've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time <unk> .
I just know yourself .
If you get rid of the right people , you do n't just understand you , you 're also going to get bored .
<unk> : <unk> the child you 're carrying inside .
Sometimes people say to me that it seems like game <unk> , or I remember them at the age of seven .
I like to say , `` Thank you . ''
Thursday : trust is the key .
If you think you 're okay with something , it 's pretty sure you 're .
And if you think that you do n't look good at something , it 's probably true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until 30 years I really understood their meaning .
And I 'm going to explain it in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person in your inner and outside , you do n't look at you .
So there 's no excuse for anyone in this audience .
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal truth for you : The golden <unk> go with everything .
And finally , Saturday : Developing a personal <unk> and unique way is a great way of telling the world about you without having to say a word .
I 've tried it over and over again when people approached this week simply by what I was using , and we had fantastic conversations .
Obviously , this is not going to go into my little <unk> .
So before I go home , to Brooklyn , I 'm going to donate everything .
Because the lesson I 'm trying to learn this week is that we need to leave certain things .
I do n't need to hurt these things , because around the corner of the corner , there 's always going to be another crazy , colorful suit of <unk> , if there 's a little bit of love in my heart and look for it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide into two parts .
The left side , which is the logic , and the right side , which is the intuitive part .
So if you take a scale to measure the fitness of each hemisphere , we could design a blueprint of our brain .
For example , this would be somebody who is completely logical .
This would be somebody who is totally intuitive .
So where do you get your brain on this scale ?
Some of them take one of these extremes , but I think for most of the members of this audience , their brain is something like this -- with a great fitness in both hemispheres .
It 's not that they 're mutually exclusive .
You can be logical and intuitive .
I consider myself one of those people , that just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists , we need a lot of logic to get these complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need a lot of intuition to make experiments really work .
How do we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We 're going to be able to play with them and then we see how they react , and then we develop our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
As a intuition that you can have developed over the years is the one that says that one thing can be in a place at a time .
I mean , it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were n't born with this notion , they developed it .
I remember looking at a kid playing in a parking park .
It was a small kid , and he did n't really well , it always fell down .
But I bet you play with that parking lot with that parking lot , and it taught a valuable lesson , and that is that big things do n't allow the <unk> , and they stay in a place .
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world , except you 're a particle physicist .
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they do n't play with a parking lot , they play with these strange little particles .
And when they play with their particles , they discover that they do all sorts of really weird things -- like they can go through walls , or they can be in two different places at the same time .
And then they wrote all these observations , and they called it theory of quantum mechanics .
At that point , I found a few years ago ; you needed from quantum mechanics to describe those little particles .
But you did n't need it to describe the big things that surround us every day .
That did n't fit into my intuition , and maybe it 's because I do n't play very often with particles .
Well , sometimes they play with them , but not a lot .
And I 've never seen them .
I mean , nobody saw a particle .
But it did n't fit into my logical part .
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics , then should n't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why it should n't .
And therefore I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics .
That 's why a few years ago , I proposed to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object you can see that it 's been in an overlap of quantum mechanics .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle .
That 's the metal piece I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And here I 'm going to extend it a little bit . It 's right in the center .
And then here we zoom in well big to the little metal <unk> .
What we see is a small little bit of metal , a form of springboard and firing on a platform .
And so I did this almost in the same way that you would do a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a silicon chip , and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to make this hole in a swimming way that is under the device .
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap , but it needs some help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know how uncomfortable it is to be on an elevator full of people .
I mean , when I 'm on an elevator alone , I do all sorts of weird things , but then when other people are up , let me just do those things , because I do n't want them to bother , or , actually , frightening .
Quantum mechanics says the inanimate objects behave in the same way .
The fellow trips of the inanimate objects are not just people , it 's also the light that <unk> it and the wind that goes on and the heat of the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave from quantum mechanics , we would have to lift all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
We took the lights up , then we introduced a Roomba and pulled out all the air , and then we cool it up to a temperature of less than a degree for absolute zero .
Now , when you 're just on the elevator , the little metal piece of metal is free to act like .
So we measure its movements .
We discovered that he moved in very strange ways .
Instead of staying perfectly still , it was vibrating , and the way it was like a breath in this form -- like a bellows that 's expanding and contracts .
And by giving it a soft push , we were able to make it <unk> , and that you do n't get to at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you is something really cool .
What does it mean that a <unk> thing , and not <unk> at the same time ?
Let 's think about atoms .
In one case : all the trillions of atoms that make that piece of metal are still and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down .
It 's just at certain moments when those line line up .
In the rest of the time , they 're <unk> .
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time , which means the whole piece of metal is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Really .
It was a little bit <unk> in a clean room to do this for all of those years , because , look at this , the difference on scale between one atom and that piece of metal is roughly the same as the difference between that metal and you .
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that piece of metal can be in two different places , why do n't you ?
I mean , it 's my logic that speaks .
So imagine if you were in various places at the same time , how would that be ?
How do you act in your consciousness if your body was empty in space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we heat it up , and we turned the lights down , and we looked inside the box , we saw that the metal was still there in one piece .
And I could get to this new intuition , apparently all objects on the elevator actually are quantum objects that are simply wandering around in a small space .
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected .
Well , that 's not so true .
It 's more than that , it 's deeper .
It 's that those connections , your connections to all the things that surround you , literally define who you are , and that 's the deep strangeness of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And I did 18 months ago at Google , until I launched the idea of doing something to do with museums and art to my boss that is here and that allowed me to do it .
It took me 18 months .
Many negotiations and stories , I assure you , with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There 's a lot of stories from why we did it .
I think my own story is explaining just by this slide and this is access .
I grew up in India .
<unk> of a great education -- I 'm not disturbed , but I had no access to many of these museums and artwork .
So when I started traveling and go to museums , I started learning a lot .
And working on Google , I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology .
So we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started to do it .
Better to show the demo to then explain to you a couple of interesting things that we 've taken from their launch .
So , just , we 're going to <unk> it .
Look around all the museums there .
There 's the gallery <unk> , the MoMA , the <unk> , the <unk> , van Gogh .
I 'm actually going to enter one of my favorites , the <unk> , the art museum in New York City .
There are two ways to do it -- very simple .
We click , and <unk> ! We 're already inside the museum .
No matter where you are , Mumbai or <unk> , that does n't really matter .
You 're moving around and they have fun .
Do you want to navigate the museum ?
We open the plane up , and , with one click , we jumped inside .
They 're inside , they want to go at the end of the hallway .
You go ahead . That 's <unk> !
<unk> .
Thank you , but I have n't come to the best .
Now I 'm in front of one of my favorite paintings , `` <unk> '' by Pieter <unk> in the <unk> .
I see the sign + .
If the museum shows us the image , we click there .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's the metadata data .
For those of you who are really interested in art , you can click there , but I 'm going to click here right now .
And this is one of the images that we 've captured in what we call <unk> technology .
So this image , for example , contains , I think , about ten billion pixels .
And there are a lot of people who ask me , `` What do you get with 10 billion pixels ? ''
So I 'm going to show you what you actually get on with 10,000 million pixels .
It can zoom in around it very simple .
You see some fun things that are happening .
I love this kid , his expression has no price .
But if you really want to dive into it .
So I started playing , and I found something happening there .
And I said , `` Wait a moment , this seems interesting . ''
I walked in and discovered that the kids were actually playing something .
And I did a little research , and I talked to some people from the <unk> , and I actually discovered that this is a <unk> game , which is to hit a <unk> on a Saturday Tuesday .
And apparently it was very popular .
I do n't know why they did it , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get deeper even deeper and you 'll see that you can actually get to the cracks .
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective , I 'm going to pull the image away , so you 'll really see what there is .
Here 's where we were , and this is the painting .
The best thing is to come , a second .
So now we 're quickly going to jump again at MoMA in New York .
Here 's another favorite one , `` The night <unk> . ''
The example I showed was to find details .
But what if you wanted to see the <unk> ?
And if you want to see how you 're van Gogh actually created this masterpiece ?
It goes up and it really does .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture , and I 'm really going to get to the cracks .
This is `` The <unk> night , '' I think I had never seen it before .
I 'm going to show you another favorite functions .
There 's a lot of things here , but I do n't have time to show it .
This is the really cool part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , absolutely everybody , does n't matter whether it 's rich or poor , or if you have a mansion , that day .
You can online to create your own museum , create your own collection from all these images .
It 's very simple , we enter it , and I 've created this function that I call `` The Power of zooming , '' we just zoom in around .
It 's about `` The ambassadors , '' in the National Gallery in London .
You can write things out , send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you 're feeling at contemplating these masterpieces .
So in conclusion , I think for me , the main thing is that all amazing things really do n't come from Google .
No , in my view , they even do n't come from museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
Actually , they come from those artists .
And that 's been my humble experience with this .
I mean , I hope that in this digital environment do justice to your artwork , and that 's represented properly online .
And the big question I 'm doing today is , `` You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum ? ''
And the answer is not .
It 's to supplement the experience .
And that 's it . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good afternoon .
I have something to show you .
Think it 's a pixel , a flying pixel .
In our lab , we call it sensitive design .
I 'll tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this picture -- I 'm from Italian origin , all the kids in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of his bedroom , but the reason I show you this is that it has happened something very interesting in Formula 1 in the last two decades .
So , sometime in , if you wanted to win a year of Formula 1 , I would take a budget , and I would plug it into a good pilot and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot were good enough , you win the career .
This is what , in engineering , you 've got real time control system .
It 's essentially a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
What 's interesting is that control systems in real time are starting to enter in our lives .
Our cities , in the last few years , has been covered in networks and electronics .
They 're getting computers outdoors .
And as those are , they 're starting to respond differently , and they can be <unk> and <unk> .
<unk> cities is a big thing .
As a note , I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the Earth 's cortex , but they represent 50 percent of the world 's population .
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions .
If we could do something with cities , it would be big .
Beyond cities , all of these detections and <unk> are entering our everyday objects .
This is from an exhibit of <unk> <unk> at MoMA , during the summer .
It 's called `` Talk to me . ''
Well , our objects , the environment , the environment , begins to speak to us .
In a way , it 's like almost all the existing atoms , they would get sensors and actuators .
And that 's changing the interaction that we as humans have with the outer environment .
In a sense , it 's almost like the old dream of Michelangelo .
You know , when Michelangelo <unk> the Moses , he says , at the end , he took the hammer , and he threw it in the Moses -- it 's actually a little bit of a dent in her , and he said , `` Would you hire you ? ''
Well , today , for the first time , our environment starts to speak to us .
And I 'm going to show you just a few examples -- <unk> in the idea of getting the environment and push something .
Let 's start with detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is really one of the first projects of our lab .
This was four and a half years ago in Italy .
It was a summer with kind of 2006 .
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup .
Maybe remember , they were playing Italy and France , and at the end of the <unk> gave the <unk> .
And anyway , the end won Italy .
Now let 's see what happened that day looking at activity in the network .
Here we see the city .
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the <unk> River .
It 's the morning , before the game .
The timeline is at the top .
By the late early afternoon , there are people here and there making calls , moving .
It starts the party : silence .
<unk> from France . <unk> from Italy .
<unk> ; people make a quick call on the bathroom .
Second time . End of time .
First extra time , second .
<unk> , and at a moment , the <unk> .
She won Italy . Yes !
That night , everybody went to celebrate the center .
You see the big peak .
The next day , everybody went to the center of the winning team and the prime minister of the world .
And then everybody went down .
You see the image of the place called <unk> Massimo , where , from the Roman era , people will celebrate ; it 's a big party , you can see the peak at the end of the day .
This is just an example of how today you can measure the heart of the city in a way that we could n't do just a few years ago .
Another quick example of detection : it 's not about people , but things we use and consume .
Today we know everything about the provenance of our objects .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make up a Mac , how you put them together .
But we know very little about where things are going .
So in this project , we developed some small tags to track the garbage on their shift .
We started with some volunteers who helped us in Seattle , recently more than a year ago , to label what they were throwing -- different kinds of things , as you can see , things that would be at all possible .
Then we put a little chip , a label , to the garbage , and then we started <unk> .
These are the results of it .
This is from Seattle .
after a week .
With this information , we realized that there are lots of inefficiencies in the system .
We can do the same thing with much less energy .
These are data that did n't exist .
They 're going on complicated things , and there 's a lot of unnecessary transportation .
But the other thing we think is that if we look at every day that the cup that we dropped out is not gone away , which is still somewhere on the planet .
So if the plastic bottle we dropped on a day is still there .
that if we show it to people , then we 'll be able to promote some behavior change .
That was the reason for the project .
My colleague at MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part that we 've talked about at the beginning , which is push on the environment .
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in <unk> .
It all started with a question of the mayor of town , who came and told us that Spain and the south of Europe have a beautiful tradition of water in public spaces , in architecture .
And the question was , how can technology , new technology , join that ?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT , in a workshop , was : imagine they have a line and valves , <unk> valves , <unk> that open and closed .
It 's created like a curtain , with water pixels .
If you fall out the pixels , you can write them , show patterns , images , text .
And when you zoom in , the curtain will open up so that we can go through , as you see in the image .
We presented this to the mayor of <unk> .
He liked it very much .
And we had a commission to design the building from the U.S .
We call it Secretary of Digital .
The entire building is made of water .
There are no doors , no windows , but when you 're approaching it , it opens up for you to go .
The ceiling is also covered with water .
And if there 's a bit of wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , the ceiling goes down .
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears , like this .
Those days always will be somebody , in the winter , when the roof go down , someone who was there and said , `` Let 's put the building out . ''
No , it 's not about demolished , but when it comes down almost all the architecture .
This is how it works .
You see the people who are going on it by what happens inside .
And here I am trying to do n't get wet to test the sensors open up .
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
That night was really even more fun .
All the children of the <unk> came to the building because the way they interact had changed a little bit .
It was n't a building that would open up to leave you , but a building that kept making cuts and water holes , and you had to jump to get wet .
( Noise of people ) And for us that was very interesting because as architects , engineers , designers , we always think about using people to give our designs .
But then reality is always unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact , that people use .
This is a picture of the building with the physical pixels , the pixels of water , and of projections about them .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine those pixels could start flying .
Imagine that you could have small helicopters in the air , and that each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter , like what we saw before , that moves with others in sync .
We could form this cloud .
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions .
Or normal , but in three dimensions , where what changes is the light , not the position of the pixels .
You can play it with a different type .
Imagine that the screen appears at different scales and sizes , different types of resolution .
And then all of that could be a grid of pixels in 3D that you can zoom in and go through , and see from very different angles .
This is the real <unk> , going down to form a fifth , like before .
When the light lights up , you see this . The same thing we saw before .
Imagine each of them controlled by one person .
We can have each pixel with a entry that comes from people , the movement of people , etc. , etc .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with <unk> <unk> <unk> of the world 's best dancing dancers today , the star 's <unk> star and La Scala <unk> to capture its 3D movements and use it as input to <unk> .
Here we can see <unk> dancing .
On the left , you see the pixels in different resolutions .
It 's so many 3D digitization in real time as motion capture .
It can give you the whole movement .
You can go through the way .
And once we have the pixels , we can play with them , with the color and motion , with gravity and rotation .
We want to use this as a potential entry for the <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project that we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called the Cloud .
And the idea is , imagine again , that we could engage people to do something , and change our environment as well as a <unk> nursery , as a breeding facility , but with a cloud .
Imagine we could make all of them a little bit for a pixel .
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that , in the last two decades , we moved from the physical world to the digital world .
We 've digitized everything , like knowledge , and it 's accessible through the Internet .
Today , for the first time -- and the Obama campaign <unk> us , we can move from the digital world , the self-organizing world of the networks , the physical world .
In our case , this may we want to use to design and make a symbol .
That would mean something built in a city .
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today : think about climate change or CO2 emissions , how do we move from digital world to physical world ?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together , collectively .
The cloud is a cloud , again , made from pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles .
And those particles are water , whereas in our cloud , they are pixels .
It 's a physical structure in London , but on the pixels .
You can move around , have different experiences .
You can see from the bottom , it will be to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics and even more , and it can be used as a form of connection to the community .
So it 's both a physical cloud of the sky as something you can go up , like a new peak of London .
You can go in there in there .
As if it was a new digital spike at night , but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone to go to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than they are ?
Suppose I told you that , with only some changes in your genes , you could improve memory -- for a more accurate , more accurate and faster .
Or maybe they 'd like to be in a better way , to be stronger , to get more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and more secure .
How about living with good health ?
Or maybe they 're about those people who always wanted to be more creative .
What else would you like ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
( Audience Member : Creativity ) Creativity .
How many people would choose creativity ?
Hands up . Let me see .
A few . It 's probably about the number of creative people present .
That 's very good .
How many will you choose memory ?
A few more .
And the physical state ?
A little less .
How about longevity ?
Oh , most people . That makes me feel very well as a doctor .
If you could have something about this the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or maybe it 's possible ?
Evolution has been a <unk> theme here at the TED conference , but today I want to give you a look at a doctor 's gaze on the topic .
The great geneticist of the 20th century , <unk> . <unk> , that also <unk> in the <unk> Church of <unk> , wrote a essay called `` Nothing in biology makes sense except for sunlight . ''
But if you actually accept biological evolution consider this : Is it just about the past , or the future ?
Does each other mean to others ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , well at one end , is , of course , the most we 're interested in .
<unk> from a common ancestor with the modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
At the interval there have been maybe 20 different species of hominids .
Some of them have gone .
We 've been here about <unk> years old .
It might seem like we 're very far from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , mostly the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same .
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human insulin that 's used to treat diabetes ?
This is not like human insulin , but it 's the same protein , it 's chemically <unk> , which comes out of the pancreas .
And talking about bacteria -- realize that we all carry on the most bacteria that the cells we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times more .
I mean , if you think -- when a Antonio Damasio asked them what they think about the bacteria ?
The gut is a beautifully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , wet , wet , is very welcoming .
And we 're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want to want no effort from their part .
It 's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some <unk> rush to the way .
But by the way , we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life .
They help us digest essential nutrients , and they protect us from certain diseases .
But what will we stay in the future ?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species ?
Or would become something different , something perhaps better adapted to the environment ?
In this vast symphony of the universe , life on Earth is like a short compass , the animal kingdom , as one single and only <unk> , and human life , a small note of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk , so I hope they enjoyed .
When I first went to college , I had my first kind of biology .
I was fascinated by elegance and beauty of biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution , and I realized something fundamental : mostly of the existence of life , in cell organisms , each cell just divide and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to two daughters .
But when diarrheal organisms show things , things begin to change .
It goes into the scene sexual reproduction .
And something very important : with the emergence of sexual reproduction , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , you could say that the inevitability of the death of your body comes in in evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction .
I have to tell you that when I was a college student , I thought , well , <unk> , <unk> , death by sex ; it seemed pretty reasonable at that time , but with every year that was going on , he had more doubt .
I came to understand the feelings of George Burns , which still was performing in Vegas well in her 90s .
And one night somebody hits his hotel door .
He opens the door .
In front of him , there 's a wonderful <unk> dancer .
He looks at it and he says , `` I came to search for a <unk> . ''
`` Okay , '' he says George , `` I chose the soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , who was working for a different target to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily counterintuitive , just different .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted you to be healthy .
I wanted to restore health in the disease .
I wanted us to live more and more healthy .
Evolution is about spending the genome to the next generation , adapting and generation generation after generation .
From an evolutionary point of view , you and I are <unk> <unk> <unk> to send the genetic burden to the next level , and then let 's leave the sea .
I think that we would all understand the feeling that Woody Allen when he said , `` I do n't want to make immortality through my work .
I want to achieve not dying . ''
Evolution does n't necessarily help longevity .
It does n't necessarily favors the biggest or the strongest or the fastest and even the smartest .
Evolution favors the best creatures to adapted to their environment .
That 's the only proof of survival and success .
In the bottom of the ocean , the <unk> bacteria that can survive the heat of <unk> that would produce , if there were fish there , fish baked into the vacuum , yet , they 've managed to do that a welcoming environment .
So what does this mean , when we look at what 's happening in evolution , and if we come back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution , and in particular , if we look forward , the next phase -- I would say there 's a lot of possibilities .
The first one is that you do n't get to .
We 've reached a kind of balance .
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine , first of all , we 've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been wiped out and left from the population .
And secondly , as a species , we have <unk> our environment so that they fit us as well as we adapt to it .
And by the way , we migrated , <unk> , and we become so much that it 's no longer possible to have the necessary isolation that we need to happen .
A second possibility is that there is an evolution of traditional , natural , dictated by the forces of nature .
And the argument here would be : that the gears of evolution can roll slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And in terms of isolation , when as a species , distant planets are going to exist , and the environmental changes that can produce evolution naturally .
But there 's a third possibility , an attractive , intriguing possibility , and terrifying .
I call it <unk> , the new evolution , which is not just natural -- but we 're choosing and selected for us as individuals in the decisions we will .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we get to do this ?
So let me first think about how many people today , in some cultures , are making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they 're choosing to have more males than women .
It 's not necessarily a good thing for society , but it 's what you choose at the individual level and family .
Think of it as well as possible to choose not only the sex of their offspring , but in your own body to make the genetic settings to cure or prevent disease .
What if we could make genetic changes to get rid of diabetes or Alzheimer 's or reduce the risk of cancer or remove the stroke ?
Would n't you want to make those changes in their genes ?
If we look at the future that kind of changes is going to be increasingly possible .
The Human Genome Project began in 1990 and sued 13 years .
<unk> <unk> million dollars .
So the next year , I could have finished , 2004 , I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three months .
Today , you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs in the human genome at a cost of 20,000 and on a week .
It 's not going to be a lot of missing the human genome for $ 1,000 , and getting more and closer to all .
And those changes are coming .
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect themselves , but they 're going to induce immunity against other viruses .
Believe it or there 's no experimental trial on the course of the flu vaccine , we grow into cells from an tobacco plant .
Can you imagine a good thing that comes out of tobacco ?
That 's reality today and in the future is going to be increasingly possible .
Imagine just two little changes .
Can you change the cells from their bodies , but if they could change the cells of their offspring ?
What if you could change the sperm and the eggs , or change the <unk> egg , and give their children a better chance of a healthier life , remove the diabetes , remove the <unk> , reduce the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want healthier children ?
And then that same analytical technology , that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to adopt <unk> -- a better memory .
Why do n't you have the wit of a Ken sitting on everything if you were able to join the next generation of machine Watson ?
Why do n't we have a <unk> muscle faster than allowed us to run faster and more distance ?
Why do n't we live longer ?
This is going to be irresistible .
And when we 're in conditions to pass this up to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to become the evolution of before in <unk> .
We 're going to take a process that would normally take 100,000 years , and we can compress it to 1,000 years , and maybe in the next 100 years .
These are choices that their grandchildren , or the grandchildren of their grandchildren , are going to have them in front of them .
Are we going to use these options as a better , more successful , more successful , more successful society ?
Or , we 're going to selectively choose different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that 's more boring and more uniform or more robust and more maneuverable ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to have to face .
And the deepest thing about everything : Are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom necessary to make these decisions wisely ?
For good , and before what you might think , these choices are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a big explosion when you 're at 900 feet tall .
Imagine a plane full of smoke .
Imagine a engine doing <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> . It sounds scary .
Well , I had a single seat that day . I was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only one I could talk about in flight .
And I immediately looked at them , and they said , `` No problem . You probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had already passed the airplane , and we were n't so far away .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot <unk> the plane with the Hudson River .
And usually that 's not the route .
<unk> the engines .
Imagine being on an airplane and no noises .
And then he said three words .
The three most unlikely words I 've ever heard .
He said , `` <unk> for the impact . ''
I did n't have to talk more with the flight assistant .
I could see it in his eyes .
It was terror . Life was finished .
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day .
I learned that everything changes in a moment .
We have this list of things to do before we die , these things we want to do in life , and I thought about all the people I wanted to get to , and I did n't , all the fences that I wanted to repair , all the experiences I 've wanted to have , and I never had .
While I was thinking about that later , I was a phrase , which is , `` I collect bad wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready , and the person is there , I 'm going to open it .
I do n't want to miss anything in life .
And that urgency , that purpose , has really changed my life .
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is as the bridge George Washington , which was n't for a lot -- I thought about , wow , I really feel a great deal .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity , and my mistakes , I 've tried to improve everything I did .
But in my humanity , I also give place to my ego .
And I 'm sorry that I wasted in things that did n't matter to people who matter .
And I thought about my relationship with my wife , with my friends , with people .
And then , as a <unk> on that , I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years , I did n't have a fight with my wife .
It feels wonders .
I do n't try to be right ; I 'm going to be happy .
The third thing I learned -- and this is how your mental watch goes down , `` 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water <unk> .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries .
And while <unk> , I had the feeling of , wow , die not scary .
It 's almost like we 've been doing that all our life .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go ; I love my life .
And that sadness is becoming a single thought , which is , only desire one thing .
I wish I could see my kids growing .
A month later , I was on a performance of my daughter -- first grade , not a lot of artistic talent -- -- still . And I scream , <unk> , like a small one .
And for me , that was the reason to be the world .
At that point I understood , when you connect those two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent .
For all , the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent .
I was given a miracle , not to die that day .
And I was given another gift , which was the possibility to look at the future and go back and live in another way .
You who are flying today , the challenge you can imagine that you 're going on your airplane -- and please not be like that -- but imagine , and how to change ?
What would you do , you still expect to do because they think they 're going to live forever ?
How would your relationships change and the negative energy in them ?
And most importantly , are the best parents who can ?
Thank you .
I 've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects .
But the most great thing I worked on was for this guy .
The guy is called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important <unk> in the '80s .
One day came to his house after he run , and he said , `` Dad , I 'm sorry you hold them on your legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS .
Today , <unk> has total paralysis .
It can only use your eyes .
His work influenced me .
I have a design company and animation , so obviously , the graffiti is a intricate thing that we admire and respect in the world of art .
So we decided we were going to sponsor Tony , <unk> , and its cause .
So I went and met her brother and her father and I said , `` We 're going to give you this money .
What are you going to do with him ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to be able to talk to Tony again .
I just want to be able to communicate with him and that he will be able to communicate with me . ''
And I said , `` A second , not that you see Stephen <unk> is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you 're somebody important and you have a safe insurance you can not actually do it .
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said , `` Well , how do you communicate then ? ''
Anyone to see the movie `` The scuba and the butterfly ? ''
They communicate in that way -- they 're making my finger .
I said , `` That 's archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I presented to the only desire to deliver a check and rather than that signed a check that had no idea how I was going to cover .
I committed her brother and her father there at that very moment , `` All right , this is the deal : Tony 's going to speak , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to make it back again . ''
Because it 's ridiculous that someone who have so much inside your interior can not communicate . ''
So I talked about a lecture a couple months later .
I met these guys called `` <unk> Research Lab , '' which have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface , and then , with a laser pointer , it draws on that and they register the negative space .
So they 're going around making art facilities like this .
All the things that appear , they say , they 're part of a life cycle .
They start with sexual organs , then with the bad words , after the attacks of Bush , and at the end , people start to do art .
But there was always a cycle of life on their presentations .
And so the journey started .
And about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization , and a lot of moving things around one side , we had achieved a couple of things .
One , we touch the gates of the insurance companies , and we get a machine that we could have could communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking 's .
Which was great .
And seriously , it 's about the most fun , I call it <unk> because when you talk to the guy , you get an email from it , and you say , `` I do n't deserve it . This guy 's fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was to bring seven programmers from the whole world from every corner of the <unk> to our house .
My wife , the kids and I , we moved to the garage back and these hackers and programmers and programmers , and they took control of the house .
Many of our friends thought that we were doing something completely stupid , and that when they were going to have taken the frames from the walls , and they would have graffiti .
But for two weeks <unk> , we went through Venice , my son was part , my dog was part , and we created this .
It 's called <unk> , and you can see the description .
They 're a pair of cheap sun glasses that we bought on the sea of Venice Beach , some copper wire and <unk> things and Radio Shack .
We take a <unk> camera , we open it up , we put it up on an LED light and now there 's a device that 's free , and you build yourself , we publish the code <unk> software is low .
And we created a device that has no limitation at all .
There 's no company to say , `` No . ''
There 's no hospital to say `` No . ''
Anyone with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using just their eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . That was awesome .
So at the end of the two weeks , we went back to the <unk> room .
I love this picture because this is the room of another person , and that 's her room .
There was this whole <unk> and <unk> during the great opening .
And after more than a year of planning , two weeks of programming , intense sessions in all night , Tony was going to draw for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system , and it 's looking through the support system .
We ran my bed for him to see .
And we put a projector on a wall of the hospital parking lot .
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- you can imagine what the feeling in the parking lot .
The funny thing was that we had to bust in the parking lot , so we felt like we were <unk> graffiti as well .
At the end of this , he sent us an email and this was what he said , `` This was the first time I was drawing in seven years .
I felt like I had been under the water , and somebody finally came to <unk> and get me out of there so I could breathe . ''
Is n't that wonderful ?
In a way , that 's our scream for war .
That 's what keeps us moving , developing .
And we have a long way to go with this .
It 's a great device , but it 's the equivalent of a program .
Someone with this artistic potential deserves a lot more .
So we 're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust .
Since then we 've had all kinds of recognition .
We 've gained a lot of prizes .
Remember , free , none of us is making money with this .
Everything comes out of our own pockets .
The prizes were like , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted about us , and then , in December , Time magazine recognized us as one of the best 50 inventions , and it was really great .
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what ends up at closing the <unk> is that in April of this year in the Copenhagen row in downtown Los Angeles , there 's going to be an exhibition called `` Art in <unk> . ''
And `` Art on <unk> '' is going to have the best <unk> of the urban urban art , <unk> <unk> , <unk> all of them are going to be there .
<unk> is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive .
So basically this is my idea : if you look at something that 's not possible , do it possible .
None of what 's in this room was possible -- the stage , the computer , the microphone , <unk> nothing was possible at a certain point .
Make it possible -- anything in this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I never did anything with the eye recognition technology ; I just recognized something , and I 'm going to engage me with wonderful people to be able to make it happen .
And these are the questions that I want us all to do every day , when we 're going to find something that we need to do . If it 's not now , when I 'm not me , who ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years <unk> in situations usually very difficult and at the same time a little bit dangerous .
I went to jail -- hard .
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous .
Film and dangerous and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun in the beginning , something hard in the middle , very dangerous to the end .
In fact , in a lot of my career , I 've been <unk> in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal to try and look at social issues in ways that feel attractive , interesting , and hopefully analyzing them in a way that you see fun and accessible to the audience .
So when I knew I was coming here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands , and research wanted to do something a little bit differently .
So some of you may have heard , or not , a couple of weeks ago , I took a notice on <unk> .
I sent some messages on Facebook , some on Twitter , I offered the rights of the name of my TEDTalk in 2011 .
What had been the following : `` <unk> Your <unk> presents , my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it 's all about and on content , you know , in the face , '' especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company in doing it .
But that 's a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people watch these TEDTalks ?
A lot of them .
It 's a degree in progress , by the way .
So even with that <unk> , I knew somebody was going to buy the rights of the name .
If you had asked him a year ago , I could n't have to tell you anything .
But in the new film that I 'm working on , we examined the world of marketing , from advertising .
And as I said earlier , I 've put myself in horrible situations in the last few years , but nothing could be preparing , for something as difficult or as dangerous as you go into the rooms with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a movie .
Morgan <unk> : I want to make a film that 's about the <unk> of products , marketing and advertising , and that all of the film would deal with <unk> of products , marketing and advertising .
The movie is going to call `` The biggest film ever sold . ''
What happens in `` The biggest film ever sold '' is that everything on top , at the bottom , it has a brand images , all the time , from the <unk> that appears before the title , the X brand X .
Now this brand , <unk> Street , the <unk> Center ...
These people <unk> the film in forever .
And so the film explores all this idea . ( Michael <unk> : It 's redundant . ''
I 'm a beating . ( MK : I 'm just saying . It was more by emphasis .
It was `` No . For always . ''
But we 're not just going to have the X brand sponsors in the title , but we 're going to make sure of us all the categories we can in the film .
Maybe we sell a shoe , and it becomes the most cool shoe you used to use .
The most cool car you 've driven in `` The Great movie ever sold , '' the best drink you have to drink from `` The Great movie ever sold . ''
<unk> <unk> : The idea is then , in addition to showing brands as part of life , making them <unk> the film ?
The goal of the complete film is transparency .
You 'll see the whole process in this movie .
That 's the whole idea , the whole film , at the end .
And I would love to help me help make it happen .
Robert Friedman : You know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the most respect for the audience .
Guy : However , I do n't know how sensitive it is going to be people .
<unk> : You 've got a perspective -- I do n't know if `` angle '' is very <unk> , but you know how it 's going to kick ? ( MS : No idea . ) David <unk> : How much money do you need to do this ?
MS : A million and a half . ( D.C : All right ) ) John Kamen : I think it 's going to be hard to meeting with them , but it 's certainly going to be worth getting a couple of big brands .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the moment the movie comes out , let 's see us as a lot of merry idiots .
MS : What do you think is going to be the answer ?
Stuart <unk> : Most of the answers will be `` not . ''
MS : But it 's going to be hard to sell it , by the film , or for me ?
JK : Both things .
MS : ... means you 're not very optimistic .
So , do you help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : All right . ( MK : Okay . ( MK : Good . ) Yes . ) Awesome .
MK : We have to think about which brands .
MS : Yeah . ( MK : That 's the challenge . ''
MK : We have some places where to go . ( MS : Okay . ) Let 's get the camera .
MS : I thought , `` shuts off the camera , '' meant to have a conversation outside .
It 's called , `` We do n't want to know any of your movie . ''
MS : And so it was , one by one , all of the sudden companies disappeared .
None of them wanted to have anything to do with this film .
I was shocked .
They did n't want to know anything about this project .
And I was very impressed ; I thought that the concept of advertising , was to introduce the product to as many people as possible , making so many people see it as possible .
Especially in the world today , this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of separate media , is n't the idea to tell with that new vehicle that 's going to lead the message to the masses ?
No , that was what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , that my idea had a <unk> mistake , and that mistake was this one .
Actually , there was no such mistake .
There was no mistake at all .
This would have been okay .
But the problem was what this image represents .
See , when you 're looking for images of <unk> , Google appears -- this is one of the first images that come out .
I like your roll , Sergey Brin . No .
This was the problem : transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily understandable -- which is characterized by visibility or access to information , especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the biggest line .
You see , we hear a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians name , the president , the claims , even the CEOs named .
But all of a sudden when it comes to make it something changes a sudden .
But why ? Well , transparency is scary -- like that weird bear that 's still <unk> .
It 's unpredictable -- like this weird rural path .
And it 's also risky .
What else is it risky ?
It 's a whole bowl of <unk> <unk> .
That 's risky .
When I started talking to companies and telling them , we wanted to tell this story , and they said , `` No , we want them to tell <unk> . ''
We want you to tell a story , but they tell <unk> . ''
See , when I was a kid , and my father was caught in some lie -- and there he looked at me as he used to say , `` Son , there are three sides in every story .
There 's your story , it 's my story , and it 's the real story . ''
As you see , in this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
But with only one company , one agency wanting to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard <unk> of many years -- I realized that I would have to go on my own , I would have to take the middle and go to companies myself with my whole team .
So what I started to warn all of a sudden -- -- that I started to give me a little bit of <unk> is that when you start talking to corporations , the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I have friends who make big , huge , giants and others who make small films , independent , like mine .
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies , giant , say that the reason their movies are so successful is due to the <unk> marks that they have .
And then my friends who make independent films say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant Hollywood movies ? ''
And the movie is called `` The biggest movie ever sold . ''
So how are we going to look specifically in the movie specifically ?
Every time I 'm going to go out , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see the proprietary deodorant .
At any time during an interview with someone , I can say , `` Are you cool for this interview ?
You 're ready ? You get a little nervous .
I want to help you with you .
Maybe you should get a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And there he will offer you one of these cool spectacular curves .
Both of them like `` <unk> de Paradise '' is going to have their opportunity .
We 're going to have so much for man as a woman -- solid , to <unk> , in bar , whatever .
That 's the general look .
Now I can answer your questions and give you a <unk> look .
Karen Frank : We 're a small brand .
It 's similar to the kind of smaller films that you made -- we 're more good for a rival mark .
So we do n't have the budget of other brands .
So doing things like this , you know , remind me , are the reason why we 're interested in .
MS : What words would you use to describe to you ?
It 's blank .
KF : That 's a big question .
Woman : higher technology .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something you put in the <unk> .
Man : We talk about something bold , cool .
I think `` cool '' is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus `` combat <unk> and sweat . ''
It keeps you cool .
How do you keep us fresh , more time ? The better freshness , the more Marco , three times cooler .
Things like those who highlight the benefits .
MS : And that 's a <unk> company .
What about me ? What about a common kind ?
I need to talk to the man on the street , people like me , to the common <unk> .
They have to talk to me about my brand .
MS : How do you define your brand ?
Man : Mmm my brand ?
I do n't know .
I like the good clothes .
Woman : Let 's bring the '80s , punk punk unless it 's a laundry .
MS : Okay , what 's the <unk> brand ?
<unk> : Something unique . ( MS : unique ) Man : I guess the kind of gender , the style I have would be like a dark <unk> .
I like dark colors , lots of gray and things like that .
Usually I wear sunglasses , or I like the crystals and the same .
Woman : If Dan was a brand , it could be a classic <unk> , Mercedes Benz .
Man 2 : The brand I 'm , I would call it casual .
Woman 2 : In part of a hippie , in part of <unk> , in part of <unk> Brooklyn , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the kind of pets .
<unk> toys for pets in the country and in the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my little section , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx , because making the stock .
Man 5 : A <unk> Nation .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a <unk> .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , we ca n't all be a brand of Tom , but I often get to me at the intersection of dark <unk> and <unk> .
I realized I needed an expert .
I needed somebody who could enter my head , somebody who could help me understand what they call the `` brand personality . ''
And I found a company called Arthur <unk> in Pittsburgh .
They helped companies like <unk> , <unk> , Hallmark to discover that brand personality .
If they were able to do it for them , they surely could do it for me .
<unk> : <unk> the photos , right ?
MS : Yeah . The first picture is a familiar picture .
A : Tell me a little bit how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way .
MS : These people shape my way to see the world .
A : Tell me about that world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world where you live -- like the people around you , your friends , your family , the way you live in your life , the work you do .
All those things come come from , and they start in a place , and in my case , they start in my family , in West Virginia .
A : What is the next one you want to talk about ?
MS : The next one is `` This was the best day of my life . ''
A : How does this relate to your thoughts , feelings and your way to be ?
MS : It 's like who would like to be me .
I like different things .
I like weird things . I like weird things .
A : Tell me about why , why do we do that ?
What 's the machete ? What phase are you in now ?
Why is it important to reset ? What is the red ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
A little more of you , which is not who you are .
What else did you have ?
You do n't have to fear . What kind of rollercoaster are you ?
MS : <unk> ! ( A : Thank you . ) No , thank you .
A : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great job . ) A : Yes . ( MS : Thank you very much . ) All right .
MS : Yeah , I do n't know what 's going to come out of this .
There was a lot of madness to all of this .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides , but complementary , in your brand of brand ; the Morgan Morgan brand is a <unk> brand .
They got very well together .
And I think there 's almost a paradox in them .
And I think some companies will only be used in one of their strengths or the other rather than focus on both .
A lot of companies tend to be able to avoid the things that are not safe ; they avoid fear , those elements , and you actually stop them , and you 're actually heading for something positive for you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other brands are that ?
The first here is classical , Apple .
And you can see here , Target , Wii , Mini of Mini <unk> and <unk> .
Now there are playful play and brands conscious , those things that have gone and come from , but a brand <unk> is quite powerful .
MS : A <unk> . What 's your brand ?
If someone asks you to get your brand identity , your brand personality , what would it be ?
Are you a top-down attribute ? Are you somebody who makes blood flow ?
Or are you rather a descending attribute ?
A little bit more quiet , reserved , conservative ?
The bottom-up attributes are like being playful being playful , like Prince , contemporary , adventurous , bold or bold , or agile , profane , dominant , magical or mystical , profane .
Or are you more good from top-down ?
Are you conscious , sophisticated as <unk> ?
Are you established , traditional , mate , protector ? Do you relate to Oprah ?
You 're reliable , stable , familiar , secure , secure , sacred , contemplative or wise , like the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
In the course of this film , we had over 500 companies , bottom-up and descending , saying `` no , '' they did n't want to be part of this project .
They did n't want to have anything to do with this film , mainly because they would n't have control , they would have no control over the end product .
They allowed us to tell the story of the <unk> , and we 're going to tell the story in this movie of how now the MRI is now using magnetic resonance centers in the brain so much for commercial marketing as for film .
We went to San Paulo , where they 've banned advertising outdoors .
In the entire city over the last five years , there 's no fences , there 's no posters , there 's nothing whatsoever .
And we went to school districts that companies are drawn to schools in schools with liquidity problems in the U.S .
The amazing thing to me is that the projects I 've had the biggest answer , or I 've been most successful are those in which I interacted with things directly .
And that 's what these brands did .
<unk> the <unk> , they took off their agencies , and they said maybe these agencies do n't have my best interest in mind .
I 'm going to try directly with the artist .
I 'm going to work with him to create something different , something that is going to make people think , who will challenge the way we look at the world .
And how did they go ? They were successful ?
Well , since the movie was sent out in the Sundance Festival , let 's take a look .
According to <unk> the movie was sent off in January , and since then -- and this is not <unk> , and we 've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film .
This is just a period of two and a half weeks .
That 's just online -- no press , no TV .
The movie is still not <unk> .
It 's still not online . It 's not in <unk> .
It 's not even presented in other countries still .
Ultimately , this film has already started winning momentum .
And it 's not wrong because almost all the agencies that we 're talking about to their customers will not be part .
I 've always believed that if you 're risking risks , if you take risks , that in those risks there are opportunities .
I think when you get people out of that is pushing them into failure .
I think that when you train your employees at risk aversion is preparing their entire company for being <unk> .
I feel that what 's going to happen to move forward is we have to encourage people to encourage people .
We have to encourage people who are not afraid of the opportunities they can do .
Ultimately , I think we have to give it to fear .
We have to put that bear in a cage .
They 're afraid . They 're at risk .
From a <unk> at a time , we need to embrace risk .
And ultimately , we have to house transparency .
So today , more than ever as honesty is going to go a long way .
And said this , with honesty and transparency , all of my talk <unk> has been introduced by my good friends of <unk> who for $ hypertension bought their name on <unk> .
<unk> : Great data in great opportunities for companies around the world .
<unk> presents the Transparency .
Thank you very much .
June Cohen : So , Morgan , in the name of transparency , that happened exactly with those $ 8 ?
MS : It 's a remarkable question .
In my pocket , I have a check to name of the TED matrix organization , the Sapling Foundation , a check for $ hypertension to be applied to my TED assistance next year .
The idea behind the creative worm is really very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb .
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the <unk> <unk> plant .
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems .
If we managed to compromise these systems that control speeds and valves , we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge .
The gray boxes do n't use Windows ; they 're a completely different technology .
But if we were able to put an effective cash virus on a laptop used by an engineer to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind Stuxnet .
We started with a Windows Windows .
The <unk> enter the gray box , damages the centrifuge , and the Iranian nuclear program is <unk> ; mission accomplished .
It 's easy , eh ?
I want to tell you how we discovered this .
When we started looking at Stuxnet , six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing I knew is that it 's very , very complex in the Windows part , the <unk> using multiple vulnerabilities <unk> .
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes , these control systems .
That struck us , and we started an experiment where you infect our environment with Stuxnet and saw what was going on with this .
So they were very strange things .
Stuxnet came like a <unk> rat who did n't like our cheese : the wave , but I did n't want to eat .
It did n't make sense for me .
And then to experiment with different flavors of cheese , I realized , and I thought , `` This is a run attack .
It 's completely driven . ''
The <unk> is actively searching in the gray box if you find a specific configuration , and even if the program that 's trying to infect is actually working in that place .
If not , Stuxnet do nothing .
So that called my attention , and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the goal is . ''
It could be , let 's say , for example , a U.S. energy plant , or a chemical plant in Germany .
Better to get the target soon .
And so we pulled out and <unk> the attack code , and we discovered that it was structured in two digital bombs : a small and a big one .
We also saw that they were armed very professionally by people who obviously had all the internal information .
We 're going to get all the points for those to attack .
You probably even know how much it fits the operator .
So you know everything .
And if you 've heard that the study of Stuxnet is complex and high-tech , let me tell you , the burden is very complex .
It 's very much above all we 've seen before .
Here you see a sample of this attack code .
We 're talking about about 15 lines of code .
It looks pretty much like the old assembler language .
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code .
What we were looking for at the beginning was called the functions of the system , because we know what they do .
Then we were looking for <unk> and data structures , and we tried to deal with the real world , with real potential goals of the world .
We need theories about addressing that we can pass or <unk> .
To get to ideas about goals , we remember that it 's definitely a violent violent , it must be a valuable white , and it 's certainly located in Iran , because that 's where most of the infections has been <unk> .
There 's not several thousand goals in that area .
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant of <unk> and the <unk> plant plant .
So I told my assistant , `` Let 's take a list of all the experts in <unk> and power plants among our clients . ''
I called them , and I asked them in an effort to do it with what we found in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate the little digital <unk> with rotor of rotor .
The rotor is that a mobile part inside the centrifuge , that black object you see .
If you run the speed of this rotor , you can certainly get <unk> and even make the centrifuge explode .
What we also saw is that the attack of the attack was to make it slow and <unk> in an obvious effort to <unk> the nest engineers , so that they could n't solve this very quickly .
We tried to figure out the big digital <unk> looking at very closely by data and its structures .
So , for example , the <unk> stands up in that code , you ca n't afford it .
I started researching scientific literature on how these <unk> are built in <unk> , and I found that they 're <unk> in what 's called a waterfall , and every waterfall has <unk> <unk> .
That made sense , there was a coincidence .
And it got better .
These <unk> in Iran are divided into 15 parts called stages .
And guess what do we find in the attack code ?
An almost identical structure .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of confidence in understanding what we had in between hands .
That 's not like that .
The results have been collected after several weeks of hard work .
<unk> <unk> in dead ends , and we had to go back .
Yet , we found that both digital warheads were going to only one and same goal , but from different angles .
The small <unk> is taking a waterfall , and making the rotors and <unk> , and the big <unk> communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating valves .
In the sum , we 're very confident that we 've determined what the recipient is .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We should n't worry about other goals for Stuxnet .
So here I 'm showing you some very interesting things that we saw , really shocked me .
There 's the gray box , and you see the <unk> .
What this thing does is to intercept the input input values for example , with pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code , which is still running during the attack , false data from entry .
And believe it or not , this false input data is <unk> by Stuxnet .
It 's like in Hollywood movies where , during theft , the security camera is feeding <unk> video .
That 's cool ?
The idea here is obviously not only <unk> in the room of control .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is a digital security system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could n't act fast .
For example , in a power plant , when the big steam turbine is speed , you have to open up <unk> valves .
Obviously , this can not be a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when they 're engaged , then they can spend bad things .
The plant can explode .
And there 's no <unk> and the security system .
It 's scary .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think about this . This attack is generic .
It has nothing to do , specifically , with <unk> , with uranium <unk> .
It could work also , for example , in a power plant , or in a automotive factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have -- as an attacker , that disseminate this burden with a USB key , as we saw in the case of Stuxnet .
You could also use conventional technology of worms to <unk> .
Let 's get more possible .
And if you made that , what we 're going to do is with a massive destruction of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence that we need to face .
Unfortunately , the biggest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and in Japan .
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals .
We need to deal with the consequences , and better than we 're starting to make now .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Ralph , it 's been public in many sides that people assume that <unk> is the main thing behind it .
What 's your view ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay , do you really want to hear this ?
Yeah . Okay .
My view is that the <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
The engine behind this is cyber superpower .
There 's one single one , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately .
Because , otherwise , our problems would be even higher .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
I want you to imagine a robot that can be taken , and that gives you <unk> abilities , or another one that makes people of chairs in the wheels and go back and walk .
In `` <unk> <unk> , '' we call these robots , exoskeletons .
It 's nothing different than something you put in the morning , give you a big force , that you also increase its speed , and you help , for example , to handle balance .
It 's actually the real integration of man and the machine .
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it to the universe and with other outdoor things .
This is not a false idea .
So to show you now what we 're working on , we started talking about the American soldier that , on average , has to take on their back , a <unk> load , and it 's <unk> to get more equipment .
Obviously , this leads to some important complications -- lesions in the back , 30 percent of soldiers -- with chronic damage .
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help drive the issue .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> -- or <unk> Human <unk> .
Soldier : With <unk> exoskeleton , I can carry 90 kilos for variable land for many hours .
Their flexible design , it allows you to put down to crawl and run a lot of sheer agility .
I 'm going to tell you what I want to do , or where I want to go , and then raise my strength and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner , to produce this device , this new exoskeleton , this year .
So , it 's a reality .
Let 's go back to the users of chairs , and what I feel particularly passionate about .
There are 68 million people , roughly , in wheelchair , around the world .
Like one percent of the total population .
And this is a really conservative calculation .
We talked about something that happens often , very young people , with damage on the spinal cord that when they start their lives -- to 20 , 30 or 40 years -- they collide up a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice .
We also talk about the population that 's grown up very quickly .
Their only choice , many times -- by brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair .
And this has been so over the last 500 years , from their successful emergence , as I must recognize .
So , we decided to start by writing a new chapter about mobility .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> , which is using Amanda <unk> who 19 years ago had an injury in the spinal cord , and as a result could n't go back 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda 's using our <unk> , that I mentioned .
It 's got some sensors .
It 's completely <unk> on crutches that send signals to the computer on board , here on the back .
There are also some batteries that give the motors in the hips , and on the knees , and they make it forward with this soft and very natural gait .
AB : I was 24 years at the top of my life when , by a stranger jump in the air , skiing in the bottom , was paralyzed .
In a fraction of a second , I lost all of it and all the motion of my pelvis down .
Shortly after , a doctor walked into my room in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , you never will walk . ''
That happened 19 years ago .
And so I 've stole me to the last hint of my self .
<unk> technology since then , has allowed me to learn how to <unk> , and it 's climbing rocks and even riding a bicycle .
But they have n't invented anything that allows me to walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms for sitting and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not just soldiers , but for Amanda , and all the users of chairs , everyone .
AB : Thank you .
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival .
It 's a place where women have the baton in the baton , they practice sex to say hello , and the game is the order of the day -- where fun is serious .
And not , it 's not the <unk> man festival or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , meet their cousins .
This is the world of wild bonobos in the jungles of Congo .
The bonobos are , along with the chimps , their closest living relatives .
That means that we all share a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother who lived about six million years ago .
Now , the chimps are known for their assault .
But unfortunately , we 've made too emphasis on this in our narratives of human evolution .
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin .
Whereas the chimps are dominated by the big guys , terrifying , the society , Bonobos are in charge of females with power .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where mortal violence has not been observed .
But unfortunately , the bonobos are the least <unk> of the great apes .
They live in the depths of the rainforest <unk> , and it 's been very difficult to study them .
The Congo is a paradox -- an extraordinary biodiversity and beauty land , but also the heart of the <unk> itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been extended for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War .
No wonder that this destruction will also put in danger of the Bonobo 's survival .
<unk> meat and deforestation make you not be filled with a stadium with the bonobos that remain in the world -- and honestly , we 're not sure about it .
However , in this land of violence and chaos , you can hear the hidden laughter off the trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them as the apes , `` make love , not war , '' because they have frequent sex , <unk> and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems .
I 'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity , because the life of the Bonobo is more than the <unk> <unk> .
The bonobos , like humans , love to play throughout their entire life .
Play is not just a game of children .
For us and for them , the game is fundamental to establish ties and foster tolerance .
With him we learn to trust , and we learn the rules of the game .
The game increases creativity and resilience and it has to do with generation diversity -- diversity of interactions , diversity of behaviors , diversity of connections .
And when you look at this game , Bonobo roots themselves from laughter , the dance and the human ritual .
The game is the glue that binds us .
I do n't know how you play , but I want to show you a couple of unique videos that were only taken out of the wild .
First of all , it 's a Bonobo style game , and I do n't talk about football .
Here 's a female and a young male male in the middle of a persecution .
Look what she 's doing .
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase : `` It 's got it from the balls . ''
I think , in this case , he loves him , right ?
Yeah .
So the sex game is both both in Bonobos like in humans .
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements into play -- like <unk> and also how the game requires trust , and at the same time it 's about the most fun .
But the game is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , it can take a lot of ways , some of which are more <unk> , <unk> , curious -- maybe the place where the wonder will be <unk> .
And I want you to see -- this is a <unk> , a young female , who 's playing with a regular water .
I think , like her , sometimes we play alone , and explore the limits of our inner worlds and outside .
And it 's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore , to interact , and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real car for creativity .
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us our past and present .
But they also have a secret for our future , a future where we need to adapt to a more and more and more difficult world for greater creativity and greater cooperation .
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities .
In other words , play is our <unk> <unk> .
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play .
But let 's get to the most our play capability ?
The game is not <unk> .
The game is essential .
For bonobos and humans for the same , life is not just cruel and remorseless .
When you look at the least appropriate play , you can be the moments in which it 's most urgent .
So , fellow primates , let us accept this gift of evolution and play together as we <unk> creativity and friendship and wonder .
Thank you .
In New York , I 'm responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not fighting poverty , <unk> fires as a captain in a volunteer body .
And in our city , where volunteers are highly skilled , you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to get into action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer on the site , so I had a pretty high probability of going .
But still , there was a career against the other volunteers to get the captain in charge and figure out what 's our homework .
When I found the captain , I was <unk> in a conversation with the owner that definitely went through one of the worst days of his life .
We were at full night , and she was standing out there in the rain , under an umbrella , in the pajamas , Barefoot , while his house was on fire .
The other volunteer that had just gotten before me , <unk> <unk> came up first to the captain , and he asked him to go and save the dog 's owner .
The dog ! I was thrilled to be jealous !
There was a lawyer or <unk> of money that , during the rest of his life , I would have to tell the people that I walked into a burning building to save a living , just because I won for five seconds .
Well , I was the next .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need to go home .
I need to climb , <unk> the fire , and bring this woman a pair of shoes . ''
I swear .
It was n't exactly what I expected , but I went on -- I got the stairs , at the end of the hallway , went to the <unk> firemen , which at the top or less they 'd finished off the fire and entered the fourth room for a pair of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my payload back down the staircase where I met my <unk> and the precious dog on the front door .
We got the treasures for the house owner where , as I would expect , his treasure received much more attention than mine .
A few weeks later , the department received a letter from his house owner for the brave proven to save his house .
The kindness that she looked for about what she was looking for was that someone had reached a couple of shoes .
Both of my calling in Robin Hood , like my calling as a volunteer firefighter , I 'm an acts of acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale , but also of acts of grace and courage at the individual level .
And you know what I 've learned ?
Everything has its importance .
So , when I look at this room to people who have achieved , or they 're for reaching , remarkable levels of success , I 'd like to remind you that : not wait .
Do n't wait to win the first million to make a difference in somebody 's lives .
If you have something to give you , you 're going to hear it now .
They 're eating food in a dining room , <unk> a neighborhood park .
They 're mentors .
Not every day we 're going to have the opportunity to save someone 's life , but each day we 're going to be able to influence someone 's life .
So they go on the game ; they get the shoes out .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a big fan of the concrete block .
The first concrete block is built on 1868 with a very simple idea : modules of cement , of a fixed measure that fit together .
Very quickly , these became the most used unit of construction in the world .
They have allowed us to build bigger things than us , like buildings or bridges , a brick at the time .
Essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , to LEGO came up with this .
It was called automatic assembly .
And in a few years , the LEGO bricks came to all the homes .
It 's estimated that have been made over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet .
You do n't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or homes .
LEGO made it accessible .
LEGO simply adopted the block of concrete , the favorite in the world , and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , in the Bell labs , the next revolution was about to <unk> : the new building block .
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of aesthetic bricks in a world where everything was interactive .
Like the concrete block , the transistor allows you to create much greater circuits and more complex , a brick at the time .
But there 's a major difference : the transistor was just for experts .
I personally do n't accept that , that the building blocks of our time are being reserved for experts , so I decided to change it .
Eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I started to explore the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I started developing <unk> .
I 'm going to show you how they work .
<unk> are electronics each with a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best thing about everything is connected by magnets .
So you ca n't put it wrong .
The bricks have a color code .
The green is the way , the blue is the current , the rose is the input and the orange color is the wire .
So you just put together a blue one with a green one , and you can start making bigger circuits .
A blue one with a green one .
We can put a button in the middle and so we have a regulator .
If we change the button for a pulse module , which is here , and now we have a light on it .
We added this timbre to create more impact , and we have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond the simple game , <unk> are actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program , connecting and screw , <unk> , allowing us to program using very simple intuitive gestures .
To make a blink faster or slower , you just turn this button to make your pulse faster or slower .
The idea behind <unk> is that it 's a growing collection .
We want all of the interactions in the world to put up bricks and brick to use .
illumination , sounds , solar panels , engines ; everything must be accessible .
We 've given the kids to watch them play with them .
And it 's been an amazing experience .
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that you do n't learn in schools .
For example , how a light in night , or why the elevator door is held open , or how an iPod responds to touch .
We 've also led to design schools .
So , for example , designers without an experience of electronics begin to play with <unk> as a material .
You can see here , with paper bottles and felt , we have <unk> .
( metallic metal ) A few weeks ago , we took the designers from the Rhode Island School designers , who do n't have any experience in engineering , just in cardboard and wood and paper , and we said , `` Do something . ''
Here 's an example of a project that you 've done , a <unk> canyon movement .
But wait , here 's my favorite project .
It 's a <unk> lobster that 's afraid of the dark .
For these <unk> , <unk> became another material , electronics became another material .
And we want this material to be aware of all of them .
So , you have open source source .
You can visit the website , download all the files of design and manufacture them .
We want to encourage a world of creators , inventors and collaborators , because this world that we live in , this interactive world , is ours .
So go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries .
I work in the solar technology industry .
And my little company is looking for the environment to focus on .
It 's distributed collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Hmm . Wait a moment .
You can take a little bit of load .
We can go -- we can continue to get the video to one side .
No .
This is not ...
All right .
Technology is ...
Oh , I 'm just term for time ?
All right . Thank you very much .
A couple of years ago , I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work on an environment that represents almost everything that it 's supposed to do ; we asked them to work in government .
The initiative called <unk> for America , and it would be like a <unk> of Peace .
We put some members every year and we put them to work with municipalities .
Instead of sending them to the Third World we send them into the wild world .
They made big applications ; they worked with the municipal employees .
His task is to show the possibilities of technology today .
I meet .
This is a New city hydrant .
Here 's what if I would look at a quote , but what you really look for is somebody to clean up when you 're caught up by the snow , because it knows that it 's not very good at bringing fires when it 's covered by a meter of snow .
How did he get to ask for help in this particular way ?
Last year in Boston , we had a team of members of <unk> for America .
They were there in February , and at that time it gets long last year .
They realized that the city had never wiped out these fire hydrants .
But one of the members named Erik <unk> noticed something else : that citizens cleaned with shovels right in front of them .
So he did like any good programmer , I developed an app .
It 's a nice application where you can adopt a fire hydrant .
You accept clean up when it snows .
When you do that , you put a name , in this case , put it on .
If you do n't do it , someone can be <unk> .
So it 's got a playful component .
It 's a modest application .
Maybe it 's the youngest of the 21 applications that were programmed last year .
But it does something that no other government technology can do .
And it spreads viral .
A responsible for systems of the city of Honolulu , looking at this application realized that I could use it , not for snow , but for citizens to embrace <unk> .
It 's very important to work on these <unk> tsunami , but people steals batteries .
That 's why he asks for citizens to control .
And then Seattle decided to use it to make the citizens crushed blindfolded .
And Chicago is just throwing it up to get people go in to clean up sidewalks when it snows .
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it .
And this has been <unk> , in a natural and natural way .
If you know a little bit of government technology , you know that this does n't usually happen .
software acquisition usually takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston , we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months .
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children .
Then they told us to have done it by the normal channels that would have taken at least two years and two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now there 's a project in the power judicial power , which until the moment has two billion dollars , and it does n't work .
And there are projects like this in every level of government .
So an app that 's shown in a couple of days and it 's <unk> <unk> is a kind of shot shot to the government institution .
It suggests to the better government of working , not like private companies , as many people think it should be .
It 's also not like a technological company , but rather like the Internet itself .
That is , without constraints , in the open and generative form .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents a way to address the government of the government that has the new generation , not as a problem of an institution , but as a collective action problem .
And that 's very good because it turns out that we 're very good for collective action with digital technology .
And there is a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy .
And it 's not only <unk> for America , but there are hundreds of people across the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities .
They have n't given up with the government .
They feel a great frustration to that , but they do n't complain , they deal with it .
And these people know something that we have lost view .
And that is that if we leave the feelings about politics , the line in the <unk> -- and all of those other things that you 're going to get crazy , the government is essentially in the words of Tim <unk> : `` What we do together because we can alone . ''
Now , a lot of people have abandoned the government .
If you 're one of those people , I would ask you to <unk> it , because things are changing .
Politics does n't change ; the government itself .
And because the government ultimately grows out of us -- remember that from `` We , the people , '' the way to think about it to affect the way that change change .
I did n't know a lot about government when I started with this .
And as a lot of people thought that the government was to choose people to take a choice .
Well , after two years , I 've come to the conclusion that the government is , especially , about <unk> .
This is the phone care center .
It 's the place that serves the phone calls if you mark 311 .
Scott answered this call .
I joined `` <unk> '' in the official knowledge base .
I did n't find anything . It started with animal control .
And then finally , he said , `` Hey , can you open the doors of the house , put it out loud and see if you go ? ''
And it worked . So by Scott .
But that was n't the end of the <unk> .
Boston does n't have a call center .
It has an application , web and mobile , called <unk> <unk> .
You do n't know that application .
It was the work of very smart people from the Office of New <unk> <unk> <unk> .
One day , this actually happened , this request : `` <unk> in my garbage garbage . I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do to leave you ? ''
The <unk> <unk> dynamics ' dynamics .
Scott was speaking in person .
In <unk> <unk> , it 's all public , so everyone can see this .
In this case , he saw a neighbor .
The next report said , `` I went up to the place , found the garbage cube behind the house .
<unk> ? Yeah . I lived ? Yes .
I went back to the cube . I went home .
Good evening , sweet <unk> . ''
Pretty simple .
This is great . It 's the confluence of digital and physical .
And it 's also a great example of the income of the government to distributed voluntary collaboration .
But it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
And I do n't necessarily mean the definition of technical technology .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to engage and help others .
So , a citizen helped another , but the government had a key role .
connected to two people .
And it could have connected to the government services of it , but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services .
When one neighbor is helping the other , we 'll bring the communities out .
If we call control of animals , that costs a lot of money .
One important thing that we need to think about the government is that it 's not the same as politics .
A lot of people understand it , but think that you 're the entrance to the other .
That our input to the government system is the vote .
How many times have they chosen a political leader , sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader , and then we hope that the government reflects our values and satisfy our needs , but we do n't see changes .
That 's because the government is a huge ocean , and the politics is the <unk> <unk> layer .
Underneath it is what we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's that contempt that 's keeping us , that belongs to us that we 're funded as something that operates in our against , that other thing , and in a consequence we 're losing power .
People think politics is sensual .
If we want this institution to work , we 'll have to make the bureaucracy that we have to make that matter .
Because that 's where the real government work happens .
We need to collaborate with the machinery of government .
That makes the <unk> movement .
Have you seen them ?
It 's a group of citizens concerned that have written a very detailed report about 325 pages in response to the order of <unk> -- on the financial reform project .
That 's not political activism , it 's bureaucratic activism .
And for those of us who have resigned to the government , it 's time to ask us what world we want to leave our kids .
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face .
Do you really think that we will get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all ?
We can not without government , we need it to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the root function so that it can expand strengthening into civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it 's not so hard to act <unk> , just to articulate the systems in the right way .
The average age of our members is 28 years old , so I , reluctantly , I 'm a bigger generation than many of them .
This is a generation that has grown up by taking the word and giving that almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we all face about who 's going to talk about ; they 're all going to talk .
They can express your views on any channel at the same time and they do it .
So when the government 's problem face , they do n't really care how much you can hear their voices .
They 're using your hands .
They bring hands on the work to program applications that make better government work .
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities .
It can be cleaning up a hydrant , taking away weeds and dumping a garbage cube that has a <unk> inside .
Of course , we could always have cleaned those fire hydrants and lots of people do it .
But these applications are like a digital reminder that we 're not only consumers , we 're not just consumers of government that we pay taxes and get services .
We 're more than that : We are citizens .
And we 're not going to fix the government until we do n't count the citizenship .
So I want to ask everyone here , when it comes to the important things that we have to do together , all together , will we be a crowd of voices , or also we will be a crowd of hands ?
Thank you .
This is to me a real honor .
I 've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and death row .
I 've spent most of my life in developing communities , in projects and places where there is a lot of despair .
And I 'm here at TED watching and hearing these stimuli has given me a lot of energy .
One of the things I 've ever noticed in this short time , is that TED has identity .
And the things that are told here is impact around the world .
At times , if something comes from TED , it makes sense and a force that I would n't have otherwise .
I mean , I think identity is important to be important .
Here we 've seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that the words of a professor can make a lot of sense , but if you teach them with feeling , they can have special meaning .
A doctor can do good things , if it 's <unk> , it can achieve much more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I did n't really learn this in the practice of the right , my job .
I learned it from my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional African-American family by a matriarch , which was my grandmother .
It was hard , it was strong , he had power .
It was the last word in any discussion in the family .
She initiated a lot of the <unk> in our home .
He was daughter of people who had been slaves .
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia , in Virginia .
She was born about 1880 and his experience with slavery featured the way the world looked at .
She was hard , but he was also <unk> .
When I was a little kid , and I looked at it , she was approaching me and I was giving me a good hug .
I was so hard that I could barely breathe , and then I would abandon me .
One or two hours later , I 'd come back to look at her , I was approaching , and I was like , `` <unk> , do you still feel my hug ? ''
And if I was saying no , I 'd come back to me again , and if I said yes , I would leave me in peace .
I had this human quality that made you always want to be close to it .
The only problem is that I had 10 children .
My mother was the lowest of the 10 .
At times , when I was going to spend a while with her , it was n't easy to capture his time and his attention .
My cousins were running around .
I remember when I was eight nine years old , I woke up one morning , went to the room , and there were there running all my cousins .
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and staring at me .
At first I thought it was a game .
So he looked at her and smiles , but she was very serious .
After 15 , 20 minutes , she got up , walked across the room , he took me out of my hand , and he said , `` You see <unk> . The two are going to talk . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday .
I will never forget it .
It took me out and said , `` <unk> , I 'll tell you something , but you ca n't tell anybody . ''
I said , `` It 's okay , Mama . ''
She said , `` Now I 'm going to argue that you wo n't . '' I said , `` Sure . ''
Then I sat down , I looked at me and said , `` I want you to know I 've been observing you . ''
And then he added , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I will never forget it .
Then he said to me , `` I just want you to give me three things , <unk> . ''
I said , `` Sure , Mama . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want you to do is you always want your mother . ''
<unk> : `` She 's my <unk> , and you have to <unk> that always <unk> . ''
Like I loved my mom , I said , `` Yes , Mom , I 'll do it . ''
Then he said to me , `` The second thing I want you to tell you is that you will always are going to you right , even though the right thing is . ''
I thought , and I said , `` Yes , Mama . So I 'll do it . ''
Then , finally , he said , `` The third thing I want you to do is you never <unk> alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yes , Mom , I 'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field , in the South rural . I have a brother a year older and a sister a year .
When I was 14 , one day my brother came home with a six-year-old package , I do n't know where he pulled her , grabbed my sister and me and left for the forest .
We just got to do the crazy <unk> .
He took a sip of beer , he offered my sister , she took a little and offered me .
I said , `` No , no , no . All right . You go , but I 'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on . Today . You always do the same thing as we do .
I took something , your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I would n't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me .
And he said , `` What 's wrong ? Take a beer . ''
I got a look at it and I went , `` Oh , not that you 're still thinking about the conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` But what are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Mama tells all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I was broken .
I have to admit something to you .
I 'll tell you something that probably should n't say .
I know this will spread widely .
But I 'm <unk> , and I can admit I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
I 'm not saying this thinking it 's a virtue ; I mean , the power of identity has .
When we create the right kind of identity , we say things to others who really do n't see them .
We ca n't get to do things that do n't think they can do .
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been in jail during the ban .
My uncles died of age-related diseases .
And these were the things that , according to her , we should engage them .
Now , trying to talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is very different than it was 40 years ago .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 prisoners .
There 's 2.3 million today .
In the United States , we have the largest incarceration rate of the world .
We have seven million people at parole .
And this massive incarceration , in my view , has changed fundamentally our world .
In poor or black communities , it 's so much <unk> , so much despair , determined by these facts .
One from three black people between the 18 and 30 years is in prison or probation .
In the urban <unk> , the Los Angeles , Los Angeles , Baltimore , Washington , in 50 to 60 percent of all the young color people are in prison or probation .
Our system is not just distorted in front of race , it 's also about poverty .
In this country , we have a judicial system that makes you much better if you 're rich and guilty , that if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , but wealth is wealth .
And it seems to be very quiet .
The politics of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not problems .
We are disconnected .
It seems interesting .
We 're looking at our work , some curious developments .
In my state , in Alabama , as well as in other states , you get rid of the rights forever if you have a criminal sentence .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male male population has definitely lost the right to vote .
And if we put it over the next 10 years , the level of loss of rights will be as high as it was before the law of the right to vote .
We have this amazing silence .
I represent kids .
Many of my clients are very young .
America is the only country in the world where sentence to 13 years to die in prison .
We have in this country prison for children , no chance to go out .
Right now we 're in a few litigation .
The only country in the world .
I play people on death row .
This issue of death penalty is interesting .
Now , in a certain sense , you 've got to think that the final question is , people deserve to die by <unk> <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity .
There 's another way to look at it : it 's not about deciding whether people deserve to die by their crimes , but if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
The death penalty in America is defined by error .
Out of nine <unk> people , it has identified one that is innocent and released from death row .
One error of error , amazing , an innocent of every nine .
This is interesting .
In aviation , you would not allow you to fly airplanes , if every nine you 'd peel off , you would have come from crashing .
But somehow we cut the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our burden .
It 's not our fight .
I talk a lot about these things .
I 'm talking about race and this issue of if we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history , I 'm talking about slavery .
I 'm talking to you about terrorism , the time that began at the end of the reconstruction and that lasted until the Second World War .
We really do n't know a lot about this .
But for black Americans in this country , it was an defined time by terror .
In many communities , people were afraid to be <unk> .
They were worried about being bombarded .
The terror threat was what it defined its lives .
Now there are older people who come up to me and say , `` Mr. Stevenson , you teaches talks , it makes speeches , '' speeches about people saying that in our history we deal with terrorism , after the <unk> .
They ask me to say , `` No . Say we grew up with that . ''
The era of terrorism went on , obviously , with segregation and decades of sensing and separation .
In this country , we have a dynamic that we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our story .
And that 's why we have n't understood the meaning of what we have historically done .
All the time we are <unk> with each other .
We constantly create tensions and conflict .
We have a lot of work to talk about races . I think it 's because we 're not willing to engage in a process of truth and reconciliation .
In South Africa , people understood that you could n't overcome the racial segregation without the truth and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before the genocide had this commitment , but in this country , we have n't done it .
I was in Germany giving conferences about death penalty .
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation , and he said , `` You know , it 's good worrying about what you say . ''
<unk> : `` We 're not a death penalty in Germany .
Now , naturally we can never have it here . ''
The room was quiet in silence , and a lady said , `` There 's no way that with our history , we could never get into a systematic death of human beings .
It would be irrational that we , intentional and deliberately put us to run people . ''
Let 's go through this .
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany , <unk> to people , especially if they were in their Jews ?
We could not tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there is this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If we do n't really care about these very hard issues , the positive and wonderful things are , however , involved .
We love innovation .
So we 're fascinated by technology . It will be fascinated .
We love entertainment .
But lately , those realities are <unk> by suffering , abuse , degradation , <unk> .
In my view , you need to integrate both of these things .
We talk about the need to have more hope , more engagement , more dedication with the basic challenges of life in this complex world .
I think that means to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor , the <unk> , the ones that never come to TED .
And thinking about them is , in a way , something that is within us .
It 's true that we have to believe in issues that we have n't seen .
So we are . In spite of being so rational , so committed to the intellectual .
With innovation , with creativity , development comes not just about brain ideas .
These things come from enrichment ideas as well as the convictions of the heart .
This connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us to look at not just how bright and dazzling but also dark and hard .
Amazing <unk> , the great <unk> leader , talked about this .
He said , `` When we were in East Europe suffering from oppression , we wanted all kinds of things , but mainly what we needed was hope , orientation for the spirit , a will to be elsewhere in despair and eyewitness . ''
Well , that orientation for the spirit is pretty much in the heart of what I think even in communities like TED , has to engage us .
There is no related disconnect about technology and design , which allows us to be truly human if we do n't pay attention to poverty , exclusion , inequality , to injustice .
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts are a much more challenging identity than if we were ignoring these things .
We go back to find it .
I had the great privilege , being a very young lawyer , to meet Rosa Parks .
These women would get together just to speak .
Occasionally , lady called me , to say , `` <unk> , the lady comes . We 're going to get together to speak .
Do you want to come and listen ? ''
I said , `` Yes lady . I want . ''
So she said , `` Well , what are you going to do when you come ? ''
I answered , `` <unk> . ''
So I was going and I would just listen to them .
It was very <unk> , very <unk> .
And at one time I was there , listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Ms. Parks went to me and said , `` Now , <unk> , tell me that it 's that idea of equal justice .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started giving me my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question injustice .
We try to help those who have been doomed unfairly .
We try to confront the biases and discrimination in the management of criminal justice .
We 're trying to end up with the sentences of life , without parole for children .
We try to do something about death penalty .
We try to reduce the population in the prisons .
We 're trying to end up with mass fees . ''
I gave all my best speech , and at the end of me , he looked at me and said , `` Hmm . ''
And then he added , `` Get exhausted , too much . ''
At the time , Ms. <unk> leaned on , and he put my finger on the face , and he said , `` That 's why you have to be very , very brave . ''
I think that actually , the TED community has to be much more <unk> .
We have to find a way to face those challenges , those problems , that suffering .
Because ultimately , humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been educated in simple things .
I 've come to understand and believe that every one of us is superior to the worst we 've made .
I think that 's true for everybody on the planet .
I 'm convinced that if somebody says a lie , it 's not because it 's a liar .
I 'm sure if someone takes something that does n't belong , it 's not a burglar .
Even if someone kills another , it 's not a killer .
So I think there 's a basic dignity in people who should be respected by the law .
I also think that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
That 's not .
I really think that in many parts the opposite poverty is justice .
And finally , I think that although it 's very dramatic , very beautiful , very exhilarating , very exhilarating , you do n't judge us by our technology , by our designs , or our intellectual and rational capacity .
Ultimately the character of a society , not because of how rich , powerful and privileged people , but because of how poor people treat the poor , the doomed , the prisoners .
Because it 's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are .
Sometimes I feel <unk> . I 'm going to end with a story .
Sometimes I make too much force .
<unk> tired , like everybody .
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my stories in a very important way .
I 've been representing these kids that have been convicted of <unk> .
I 'm going to jail and I see my clients from 13 and 14 years old , who have been <unk> for them as adults as adults .
And I start to think , how can it be ?
How can a judge turn someone in what it is n't ?
The judge is <unk> as an adult , but I see a child .
One night , I was awake thinking -- God , if the judge can turn you into something you 're not , must have magical powers .
Yes , <unk> , the judge has magical powers .
You should ask for something of that .
As it was too late , I could n't think correctly , but I started working on a <unk> .
He had a 14-year-old client , a small , black , black .
I started working on the <unk> , with a <unk> saying , `` <unk> for my $ 14 black customer , it 's treated as a <unk> , 75 , <unk> . ''
In the <unk> , I put there there was there there had been a career in the accusation , in the behavior of the police and the process .
There was a bold line on how in this country , there 's no ethics , but a lack of ethics .
The next morning , I woke up thinking that <unk> <unk> would be a dream , or actually I wrote it ?
For my horror , not only had the <unk> , it was sent to the court .
It took about two months , I had forgotten it .
And I finally decided -- God , I have to go to the court for this stupid case .
I got into the car and I felt really overwhelmed , overwhelmed .
I went on the court .
I thought this would be very difficult and pitiful .
I finally went down from the car . I walked on court .
I was going up the stairs when I found a bigger black man ; it was the <unk> of the court .
When he saw me , he came up to me and said , `` Who is you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He said , `` Are you . lawyer ? '' I said yes .
And so I approached me and handed me down .
And I whispered myself into the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was <unk> .
That 's deeply connected with my interior , with my identity with the ability we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope .
Well , I went into the audience .
By entering , the judge saw me .
And he said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you wrote this bold bold ? ''
I said , `` Yeah , Mr. I was . '' And we started discussing .
People started coming . They were all upset .
I was the one that had written those crazy things .
They got the cops in the policemen p.m. , auxiliary .
Suddenly , without knowing how , the room was filled with people . They 're all furious because we 're talking about races , because we talked about poverty , because we 're talking about inequality .
With the <unk> of the eye , I was going to see the <unk> I went .
He would look out of the window and you hear the whole <unk> .
I kept walking over here and for there .
Finally , this old black man , with face of concern , walked into the room and sat behind me , almost at the table of lawyers .
About 10 minutes later , the judge decreed a break .
During the break , a sheriff 's assistant was upset because the <unk> had entered in the room .
The assistant ran over the old black black .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the audience ? ''
And the old black man stood up , looked at the assistant , looked at me and said , `` I walked into this room of hearings to tell this young man to keep his eye on the <unk> target . ''
I 've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big , but it folds out towards justice .
We ca n't really be truly human humans , if we do n't care about human rights and for dignity .
That our survival is bound to each other .
That our visions of technology , design , entertainment and creativity must bind to brotherhood , compassion and justice .
And above all , those of us here who have a share of this , just like to tell you , to keep your eye on this target .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience , from this community , to help in your purposes , to do something .
Something that is not a check . What can we do ?
BS : There are several opportunities close .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there will be a <unk> this spring in which you 're going to do a <unk> effort to make the funding that they spend today in punishment .
For example , here in California , you 're going to spend a billion dollars on death row , in the next five years , a billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of cases in homicide are not <unk> in arrests .
56 percent of rapes do n't get anything .
Here 's a chance of change .
This <unk> is going to propose that these funds will be made to make the law safely .
I think there 's a very close opportunity .
CA : There 's been a huge decline in crime in the United States , in the last three decades .
Part of the explanation , it 's said that it has to do with the highest rate of incarceration .
What would you say , what do you think that is ?
BS : Actually , the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable .
The large growth in mass incarceration in this country is not for crimes with violence .
It 's the wrong thing for the wrong of drugs .
That 's why this dramatic increase in the prison population .
And we let us convince the rhetoric of punishment .
We have three legal causes to bring people back to life , to steal a bicycle , for small crimes against property , rather than making those resources to their victims .
I think we have to do more to help the victims of <unk> and not less .
It seems to me that our current philosophy of punishment does nothing for anybody .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : <unk> , you have really excited about this here .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you so much for having come to TED . Thank you .
<unk> : <unk> threats by Bin Laden 's death .
<unk> two : <unk> in Somalia . <unk> three : The police ship O.C . spray .
Announcer : <unk> <unk> : <unk> <unk> : <unk> <unk> .
Announcer : Social <unk> , <unk> <unk> : 65 dead .
<unk> <unk> : <unk> tsunami . <unk> 9 : <unk> .
Several <unk> : War to drug , massive destruction , <unk> .
recession . <unk> .
Crisis . Death . <unk> .
Oh , my God !
Peter Diamandis : These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months . <unk> could be over the last six days or the last six years .
The idea is that the media would prefer <unk> negative news because our minds are paid .
And that responds to a very good reason .
In every second one day , our senses receive much more data than probably the brain can process .
And as nothing matters more than survival , the first stop of all of this data is an old clip of the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning detector , the danger detector .
<unk> and records all the information for something in the environment that could hurt us .
So from a <unk> of stories , you know , looking at the negative .
That old saying of the press , `` If there 's blood , it sells , '' it 's very true .
And because all the digital devices give us the <unk> , the seven days a week , 24 hours a day , no wonder that we 're pessimistic .
It 's not surprising that people think the world is going wrong .
But maybe not that .
Maybe , instead , what 's really happening is we got <unk> .
Maybe the huge progress made in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance over the next three decades .
I 'm not saying we do n't have our good problems : climate change , endangered species , the shortage of water and energy -- we have no doubt .
As human beings are very good at taking the problems , and at the long end , we 've just done with them .
Let 's take what happened in the last century to see where we go .
In the last hundred years , the average of life has more than doubled , average per capita income adjusted for inflation has tripled .
Child mortality has shrunk 10 times .
Also , the cost of food , of electricity , transportation and communications , has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time in human history .
And Charles graffiti that the global literacy country went from 25 percent to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years .
We 're really living an extraordinary time .
A lot of people forget about it .
And we keep giving us higher and higher expectations .
In fact , we redefined the meaning of poverty .
Think about it today in America , much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity , water , toilets , refrigerators , television , mobile , air conditioning and cars .
The <unk> <unk> of the last century , the <unk> of the planet , would never be dreamed of luxury .
It 's a lot about this is the technology and , lately , its exponential growth .
Now , my good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that <unk> in information technology jumps on this curve , Moore 's Law , and doubling the performance of price for about 12 to 24 months .
That 's why the mobile phone is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer from the '70s .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law for the last hundred years .
I want you to take two things on this curve .
First , the soft thing that is -- in good and bad times , in war and peace , in recession , in depression and booming .
It 's the speed of fast computers used to build faster computers .
It 's not stopping before any major challenges .
And even though it 's <unk> in a law on the left , it 's curve up .
The growth rate of technology is increasingly fast .
And on this curve , to Moore 's Law , there 's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today .
The computation in the cloud , that my friends of Autodesk call infinite computing , sensors and networks , robotics , 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet , synthetic biology , fuel , vaccines and food , digital medicine , the <unk> and the A.I . .
I mean , how many you saw the victory on `` Jeopardy '' from IBM ?
It was epic .
I sought in the newspapers , the best headline I had .
And I loved this : `` Watson <unk> to human opponents . ''
`` Jeopardy '' is not an easy game .
He plays with the nuances of human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud , available for all of your mobile phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , we launched a new university called <unk> University .
We teach these technologies to our students , and in particular , how can you be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
And every year we asked them to release a company or a product or service , which can positively affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students can now impact the lives of a billion people .
Thirty years ago that would have <unk> absurd .
Today we can point out a <unk> of companies that have already done .
When I think about creating abundance , it does n't mean to create fancy life for every single day of the planet ; it 's about creating a life of as possible .
It 's about taking that which is scarce and making it very abundant .
You see , scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources .
Let me give you an example .
It 's a story of Napoleon III <unk> .
He 's the guy on the left .
You 've got a dinner king dinner .
Wilson 's troops ate with covered with silver , and the same Napoleon , with covered with gold .
But the king of <unk> , she ate <unk> aluminum .
You see , aluminum was the most precious metal on the planet ; it was worth more than gold and platinum .
For that reason , the tip of the Washington Line is aluminum .
You see , even though aluminum is 40 percent of the mass of the Earth , it does n't come as a pure metal .
It 's tied up with oxygen and <unk> .
But then he came up with the <unk> and made it so cheap that we use it as if it was <unk> .
We 've got this analogy towards the future .
Let 's think about energy scarcity .
Ladies and gentlemen , we 're on a planet bathed in 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They come to Earth 16 <unk> energy every 88 .
It 's not about scarcity , it 's about accessibility .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the collection of the computer-generated : several rupees versus 17 rupees .
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year .
And last month , MIT published a study that shows that in the end of the decade , in the U.S. <unk> , solar electricity will cost six cents an hour compared to 15 cents a national average .
And if we have plenty of energy , we also have water abundance .
Let 's talk about wars for water .
Remember when Carl Sagan pointed out the Voyager spacecraft to the Earth , 1990 , after the country Saturn ?
He picked up a famous picture . How did he call it ?
`` A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a planet of water .
We live on a planet covered in 70 percent water .
Yes , <unk> percent is saltwater , two percent is ice , and we fight for 0.5 percent of the water on the planet , but also here is hope .
It 's a technology that 's available not 10 years , but right now .
It comes nanotechnology , <unk> .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning , one of the innovators from the <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , gave me permission to do that -- his technology called <unk> <unk> , already the <unk> is the size of a small fridge .
It 's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water on a day of any salt <unk> water , polluted water , a <unk> for less than two cents a gallon .
The president of Coca-Cola just thought that I 'm going to make a big test test of these units in the developing world .
If that comes right , and I have full confidence in which so , Coca-Cola is going to be , Coca-Cola will implement it in <unk> countries on the planet .
This is an ongoing innovation for this technology today .
And we 've seen it on mobile phones .
My God , we 're going to reach 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the middle of 2013 .
Think about it , that <unk> warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya that the President Reagan does 25 years ago .
And , from having a smart cell with Google , it has access to more knowledge and information than the president Clinton 15 years ago .
It lives in an abundance of information and information that nobody could have predicted .
Better than that , the things that you and I have paid for you and I have paid dozens of thousands of dollars <unk> , HD video , libraries of books and music , diagnostic technology , libraries of <unk> and lose market value with mobile phones .
Maybe the best thing to do is when it comes to the health applications .
Last month , I had the pleasure to announce with the <unk> Foundation called the X Prize <unk> <unk> , 10 million dollars .
We 're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies into a mobile device with which they talk , and because it has A.I . , you know , you can get any blood from your finger .
To win has to make better diagnosis than a certified medical team .
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors , where the burden of morbidity is 25 percent and 1.3 percent of health workers .
When this device <unk> a <unk> virus or DNA that 's not recognition , I 'll call the health care , and in the first place , avoid the pandemic happening .
But this is the biggest force of producing a world of abundance .
I call it the <unk> billion .
The white lines here are the population .
We just spent the brand of the seven billion .
By the way , the best protection against population explosion is to give to the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
By 2020 , it will go from two billion to five billion Internet users .
Three billion of minds have never been added to the global conversation .
What will these people want ?
What happens to ? What wishes will you have ?
And instead of economic collapse we will have the biggest economic injection of history .
These people represent tens of billions of dollars in the global economy .
And again , thanks more health thanks to <unk> , a better education with Khan Academy , and due to the use of impressions in 3D , and the computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before .
What can we provide three billion more members of humanity , healthier educated and productive ?
How about voices never before ?
What if we give them to the oppressed , wherever you are , a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time ?
What would these three billion ?
What if they 're contributions we ca n't predict ?
One thing that I learned with the X Prize is that small teams led to small , guided by their passion with a clear goal , can do extraordinary things ; things that could only make big corporations and governments .
I 'm going to finish by sharing a story that really got me excited .
There 's a program that maybe some of you know about .
It 's called <unk> .
<unk> at the University of Washington in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein .
The folds determine the structure and functionality .
It 's really important in medical research .
And so far , it was an <unk> problem .
They 've played with this university professors , among others .
Then hundreds of thousands of people came in and began to play it .
And it 's been shown that the machine recognition machinery is better protein than the best computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the passion of the <unk> .
We have the capital of the <unk> .
And we 've got three billion new minds that we 're going to get together to work on the solution of the big challenges and do what we should do .
We have a few decades .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
The <unk> of the starting point .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , I 'll give you three examples to do time .
The first story is about Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , in 1835 .
Maybe they thought it was a finches , but it did n't .
They actually pick fish .
And he described one of them as a very `` common . ''
It was grouper .
He caught a lot to the 1880 decade .
Now the fish is on the Red List .
But we 've heard this story many times , about Galapagos and other places , so that has nothing special about it .
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
The brochures still say they 're still intact .
So what happens here ?
The second story , also illustrates another concept : the displacement from the waist .
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe , and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought it could be <unk> .
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I was n't there .
This is my first exposure to the sun .
The water was surrounded by palms , and as you can see , a few mangrove mangroves .
There were <unk> from about 20 inches , <unk> of black beard .
And the fishing of this tilapia was very abundant , and it was going for a good time , so he was earning more than half in Ghana .
When I went there 27 years later , the number of fish had halved .
Let 's go back to the five inches .
We 'll take a genetic pressure .
There were still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And the fish were still happy to be there .
So , nothing changed , but everything has changed .
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of the trawling fishery in Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s , well , it started in the <unk> Europe , a lot of development projects .
The fishing development assumed to impose the countries that they already had 100,000 fishermen , <unk> the industrial fishing .
And this boat , fairly ugly , called the <unk> 4 .
I went out to fish in it , and we did studies in the south of China 's Sea China <unk> , and especially on the Java Sea .
What we captured there was something <unk> .
<unk> , right now , the sea floor .
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges , other animals that are at the bottom .
And most of the fish are tiny blobs about the remains , and the remains of coral reef fish .
In short , the sea bottom came to the deck , and then it was <unk> .
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
In one year , you do a study and then start commercial fishing .
The background is going to be a solid coral background , in this case , to be a <unk> .
This is a dead turtle .
They did n't eat them . They fire them because they were dead .
We once captured a living .
It was still not <unk> .
So they wanted to kill her because it was a good food .
This mountain of remains is what the fishermen get every time they go to an area where they have never fish .
But it 's not documented .
We turn the world , but we did n't remember it .
You know the starting point , at the new level , without remembering what was there .
If you look at this happening something like this .
On the Y-axis , we have good things : biodiversity , number of killer whales , the <unk> of the country , the water supply .
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things naturally .
Each generation will use the imagery of their conscious life as normal , and extrapolate forward .
The difference is that they perceive loss .
But they do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
You can analyze the accumulation of changes .
And in the end to keep the remains of remains .
And that , largely , is we want to do it now .
We want to keep things that are no longer , or not what they were .
But you should think that this problem is affecting people when societies are going to kill animals without knowing what they 've done to a few generations later .
Because , obviously , an animal which is very abundant , before extinct , is rare .
You do n't lose plentiful animals .
You lose little animals .
Even if this is n't perceived as a huge loss .
Over time , we focus on large animals , and in a sea with great fish .
They become rare because they were <unk> .
Over time there are few fish , but we think that 's the point starting .
And the question is , why do we accept this ?
Well , because we do n't know it was different .
In fact , a lot of people , scientists , <unk> it was very different .
And they will because the evidence presented in a previous way is not in the way that they would expect to have the evidence .
For example , the anecdote that some of them present , as a captain such , and I just looked at a lot of fish in this area ca n't be used , and usually they do n't use the scientists of fishing , because it 's not `` scientist . ''
So we have a situation where people do n't know the past , even though we live in societies , because they do n't rely on the sources of the past .
Out of the enormous paper that you can fulfill a protected area .
Because with marine zones , we actually recreated the past .
You know the past that people ca n't conceive , because the starting point has been run , and it 's extremely low .
That 's for people who can see a protected area , and they can benefit from vision that provides , which allows them to erase their starting point .
And what about people who ca n't do that because they do n't have access , like people in the Midwest , for example ?
I think there 's the arts and cinema , maybe you can fill the vacuum .
This is a simulation of Chesapeake Bay .
A long time ago there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay ; 500 years ago .
And you may have noticed that the nuances and the <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think about `` Avatar , '' if you think about why people are actually moved with the movie -- talk about the story of <unk> why they would relate to images ?
Because it raises something that , in a sense , it 's been lost .
So my recommendation , the only one to give , is Cameron , `` Avatar II '' underwater .
Thank you very much .
Hi . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the YouTube trends of YouTube , and I look at YouTube videos in a professional form .
It 's true .
So today we 're going to see why the videos made viral and how important it has .
We all want to be stars : celebrities , singers , comedians -- -- when I was younger , that seemed something very , very difficult .
But today , the web makes any of us , or of our actions , copper copper in a part of our world culture .
Anyone can be famous on the Internet in a <unk> .
You go up over 48 hours of video to YouTube .
And , of those , only a little percentage gets viral , gets countless hits and wins cultural <unk> .
How does that happen ?
Three things : creators of trends , communities of participation and surprise .
Well , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh my God , my God .
Oh , my God !
Wow .
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> published this video filmed outside his house in Yosemite National Park .
In 2010 , he was seen 23 million times .
This chart is showing rise in the popular rise of the past summer .
<unk> did n't put a viral video .
I just wanted to share a double rainbow .
That 's what you do if you called Yosemite Mountain <unk> .
I had published a lot of videos of nature .
This video had been published in January .
So what happened here ?
It was Jimmy Kimmel .
Jimmy Kimmel published this tweet that I tweet the popularity video .
<unk> like Jimmy Kimmel are presented with new and interesting things and <unk> them to a wider public .
Rebecca Black : It 's Friday , Friday , on Friday , you have to start on Friday . Everybody wants me to go on Friday . You all want to get on a week . It 's a weekend . <unk> , you wo n't think that we could have this conversation without talking about this video , I hope .
`` <unk> '' from Rebecca Black is one of the most popular videos of the year .
You saw it almost 200 million times this year .
This graph shows the frequency frequency .
Just like `` rainbow rainbow , '' this video seemed to have popped out of nowhere .
So what happened this day ?
Well , it was Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask for those other peaks , they 're also Friday .
But what happened this day , this particular Friday ?
Well , he took a <unk> and a lot of blogs started writing about it .
Michael J. Nelson , of <unk> Science Theater , was one of the first people to make a joke on Twitter on Twitter .
But the important thing is that a person or a group of trends of trends embrace a view and share it with a wider public , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who share this great internal joke , then starts talking about it and doing things .
And now there 's 10,000 <unk> <unk> on YouTube .
Just in the first seven days , there was a parody for each of the other days .
Unlike the 20th century of the 20th century , this community participation is our way of being part of the <unk> phenomenon , or doing something new with that .
`` <unk> Cat '' is an repetitive animation with a chord music .
That 's what it is .
This year you saw about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know that there 's a three hours that has seen four million times .
Even the cats saw this video .
And there 's cats who saw other cats seeing the video .
But the important thing here is the creativity that woke up among the Internet <unk> community .
There was <unk> .
Somebody made an old version of the old .
And then it was international .
All of a sudden , a whole facility , which made this happen to be a dumb joke to something that we all can be in part of .
Because today , we do n't just enjoy , we participate .
Who could have predicted something like this ?
Who could have predicted `` gal rainbow , '' or Rebecca Black or `` <unk> Cat '' ?
What script could it have been written that we 've been doing this situation ?
In a world where two days of video goes up by a minute , just that really unique and unexpected can be made of the way that these things have done .
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a kind to protest from <unk> tickets to riders in New York , I 'll admit that I was not too interested .
Casey <unk> : I got a ticket that 's not circular at <unk> , but often there are obstacles that they 're based on <unk> right now .
KA : Thank you to the surprise effect and humor , Casey <unk> achieved that five million you saw and understand their idea .
So this approach is worth for everything we do creative .
And all of this leads us to a big question .
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
<unk> , creative communities of participation , completely unexpected , are characteristics of a new kind of media , a new culture , which we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity .
As I said earlier , one of the world 's celebrities , Justin Bieber , started on YouTube .
You do n't ask permission to express your ideas .
Now we 're all a little owner of our pop culture .
These are not the characteristics of the old media , they 're just the current media , but they will define the entertainment of the future .
Thank you .
This is not a finished story .
It 's a puzzle that is still building .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a whole life .
It 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unity and freedom of his country .
Imagine looking at the communist of the communist , facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain .
The words , for so long , I 'm friends , now they were making fun .
It becomes silence .
She died broken by history .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother was never allowed to forget his story .
My task was not to let that have been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to be <unk> , but it 's <unk> .
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when dawn <unk> into the sea .
My mother , <unk> , was only 18 years old when his father died , and a marriage marriage and two small girls .
For her , life was destined for one task : the escape from his family and a new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for her that I could n't do that .
And then from a four-year-old <unk> that challenges the fiction , a boat slid into the ocean 's invisible ship .
All adults knew the risks .
The biggest fear were pirates , rape and death .
Now , as most adults , my mother had a tiny bottle with poison .
If we catch us , first we 'd take my sister and I , and then she and my grandmother .
My first memories are from that boat , the constant rate of the engine , the bow is going to dive into each wave , and the vast and empty horizon .
I do n't remember the pirates that came several times , but they were <unk> with the courage of men in our boat , or the motor dying and not to start by six hours .
But I do remember the lights on the oil rig in front of Malaysia , and the young man who collapsed and died , just end the journey was too much for him ; and the first apple I tried , given by the men on the platform .
No apple had the same taste .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women across three generations making a new life together .
We set up in <unk> , a suburb of workers ' class , whose population is made of immigrants .
Unlike the suburbs of average class , whose existence I did n't know , in <unk> , there was no sense of the right .
The smells that came from the stores were the rest of the world .
And the <unk> music fragments were traded to the people who had one thing in common : they were starting again .
My mother worked in farms , and then on a car assembly line , working six days , twice as a turn .
Yet , I found time to study English and get a title in IT .
We were poor .
All the dollars were assigned , and that established extra in English and math established , does n't matter what you should take off , which was usually new clothing ; it was always a second hand .
Two <unk> pairs for school , one to hide the holes in the other .
A school uniform to the ankles , because I had to last six years .
And there was weird <unk> and <unk> about the <unk> eyes and some graffiti , `` <unk> , come home . ''
At home , where ?
One thing in me is <unk> .
He was accumulating and a voice that said , `` I 'm going to <unk> . ''
My mother , my sister and I got in the same bed .
My mother was convicted every night , but we told us about our day and we heard our grandmother 's movements at home .
My mother suffered nightmares , all of the boat .
And my task was to be wake up until his nightmares , they started to be able to make it .
She opened a computer store , and then I studied to be <unk> and opened another business .
And the women would come with their stories about men who could n't make the transition , angry and <unk> , and kids were trapped in between two worlds .
They looked for subsidies and sponsors .
And they created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
In one , I was the classic Asian student , relentless with what he took from myself .
On the other , I was very fast in poor poor , tragically <unk> by violence , drug abuse and isolation .
But many received help over the years .
And for that work , when I was studying my last year of lawyer , I was elected by the young Australian young year .
And I was <unk> from a piece of the puzzle to the other , but its edges did n't fit .
You know , `` Well , resident anonymously from <unk> , I was now so , refugee and social activist , invited me to talk about sites I 'd never heard of , and houses whose existence would never have imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use covered .
I did n't know how to talk about wine .
I did n't know how to talk about anything .
I wanted to retire to the routines and the comfort of life in a suburb called a grandmother , a mother , and two daughters and two daughters finishing up the day as they did for nearly 20 years , <unk> on the day of each one and running <unk> , the three still in the same bed .
And I told my mom that I could n't do that .
It reminded me that I had now the same age that she had when she got up the boat .
`` No , '' it had never been an option .
`` Make it , '' he said , `` And you wo n't be what you 're not . ''
So I talked about <unk> juvenile and education and the <unk> and the exposed .
And the more frankly I talked to it , the more it was the patent to speak .
I met people from all walks of life , many of them doing what they loved , living on the border of the possible .
And even though I finished my degree , I realized I could n't stay in a career of a lawyer .
There had to be another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that 's okay to be a stranger , a newly arrived , new in the scene -- and not just that it 's okay , but it 's something that I 'm grateful for , maybe a gift of the ship .
Because being inside can easily mean by breaking down the horizons , it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province .
I gave those enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that , yes , the world breaks out , but not the way we fear it .
<unk> that would n't have been <unk> were <unk> tremendously .
There was an energy there , a relentless optimism , a rare mix of humility and courage .
So I kept my intuition .
It was a small group of people for the people who the slogan `` ca n't do '' was a compelling challenge .
For one year , we did n't have a penny .
At the end of every day , I made a giant porridge pot pot .
Let 's go back to the night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some brilliant , and we opened up .
I took the decision to move to the U.S .
after one journey .
My hunch again .
Three months later , I had moved , and the adventure continued .
Before I finished , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up in a time where the <unk> was the social norm and the local <unk> was the person who mattered .
Life had n't changed for centuries .
His father died shortly after she was born .
The mother was raised alone .
At the age of 17 , he became <unk> from a <unk> whose mother beat her .
No support of her husband , he caused a shock to the <unk> and took the cause her , and much more <unk> caused when he won .
The ca n't be done proved to be wrong .
He was in the shower of a hotel in Sydney when she died , to 1,000 miles in Melbourne .
I looked through the shower of the shower , and I saw him stop the other side .
I knew I 'd come to let me go .
My mother called minutes later .
Days later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> and sat around her casket .
We tell them stories and make sure we were still with it .
At night , a monk came up and told us that I had to close the casket .
My mother asked us to raise her hand .
I asked the monk , `` Why is his hand hot , and the rest of the body so cold ? ''
Because you 've taken your hand since the morning , '' he said .
`` You have n't <unk> them . ''
If there 's a nerve in our family , that runs through women .
Since those of us and how life formed us , we can now see that the men who have come to our lives , they would have frustrated us .
The defeat would have easily demonstrated .
Now I want to have my own kids , and I wonder about the boat .
Who could wish that to do it ?
However , I fear the privilege of how easy , the right .
Can I give you a bow in your lives , diving to be brave in each wave , the <unk> pace of the engine , the vast horizon that does n't guarantee anything ?
I do n't know .
But if I could give it to it , and you can see them , except , I would .
<unk> <unk> and also the mother of so today , in the fourth or fifth row .
My story starts in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under <unk> skies , with the Sufi Sufi singer .
We were having a conversation about how nothing has changed since the old Indian <unk> `` The Mahabharata ''
In those days , when the Indians we wanted to travel to a car , they would go to the sky .
Now we do it with airplanes .
At that time when <unk> , the great Indian warrior Indian warrior , had thirst , I pulled a bow and with an <unk> to the floor , I got water .
Now we do the same with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion that we took was that the machinery had replaced to magic .
And that 's a lot to me .
Every time I felt a little bit more about <unk> .
I was reminded of this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciating a sunset if I did n't have the camera , if I could n't afford my friends .
It seemed like technology had to allow magic , not killing her .
My grandfather gave me his <unk> <unk> .
And this piece of technological technology was to my most magical thing .
It became a golden door to a world filled with images , of pirates and <unk> in my imagination .
And I had the feeling that mobile phones , the luxury clocks and the cameras prevent that we dream over .
Let us take our inspiration .
So I launched , I launched this technological world to see how to use it to create magic , instead of killing her .
It was <unk> books since I was 16 .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a device of storytelling that can connect readers to the readers of the whole world .
You can know how we take the book .
Where we are .
<unk> the text with the image , animation , sound and touch .
The storytelling becomes increasingly <unk> .
But why is that good ?
I 'm about to launch <unk> , an interactive application for the iPad .
It says , `` It puts your fingers on each light . ''
And so -- he says , `` This box belongs to ... '' I write my name .
And so I come back to a book character .
So at several moments , I 'm a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I live on the GPS -- that it comes to me .
My inner girl is excited about all of these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot of magic .
And I do n't mean magicians and dragons , but to that stage of childhood , those ideas that are children .
For some reason , fireflies in a jar always turned me exciting .
So , over here , we have to tilt up the iPad to release fireflies .
And , really , light up your way into the rest of the book .
Another idea I was fascinated by a little girl , was that a <unk> galaxy in a <unk> .
So here , every book and every single world becomes a <unk> that I drag into this magical device , inside the device .
And this opens up a map .
In all of fantasy book , there 's always been maps but have been static maps .
This is a map that grows , <unk> and guide you during the rest of the book .
In certain points of the book , it also reveals .
I 'm going to go in .
Another extremely important aspect to me is to create Indian content and contemporary content .
These are the <unk> .
We 've all heard of the fairies and the <unk> , but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts , <unk> them ?
These poor <unk> have been trapped on the Indra cameras for millennia , in an old , wet book .
So we 're bringing them back into contemporary child history .
In a story that 's about today 's issues like the environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems that the last 10 years has been locked up , glued to their PCs , have n't come to the outside world .
But now with mobile technology , we can bring our kids to the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside the outside , take the camera or iPad , and collect images from different natural objects .
As a child I had a lot of collections : of sticks , rocks , <unk> and shells .
For some reason , kids do n't do it .
So to get this whole childhood ritual , you have to go out and , in a chapter , we had a photo to a flower and then <unk> .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex , and then tagging up .
So you create a digital collection of pictures that you can then put on the Web .
A child in London puts a picture of a fox and says , `` Oh , today I saw you a fox . ''
A child in India says , `` Today I saw a monkey . ''
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have gone .
Inside the variants of connection between magic , the Earth and the technology is many possibilities .
In the next book , we 've got an interaction in which you get out with the iPad and the video switch on and through augmented reality , sees an animated group that appear on the inner plants of the house .
And at a moment the screen is filled with leaves .
And you have to do the sound of the wind and <unk> in order to read the rest of the book .
We go to a world where nature forces <unk> with technology and magic and technology gets closer to another .
<unk> the power of the sun .
We 're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic , joy and child love that we sit down through a simple story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk about why many projects of <unk> fail .
And I think , really , the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients .
And one of the things we did at the University of <unk> was a <unk> of listening .
And not in a very scientific way , she raised a little cup of coffee or you and asked patients , family and known as `` What happens ? ''
`` How can we help it ?
And we tend to think , that this is one of the biggest problems for what everybody , or maybe not all , but most of the projects of <unk> fail , because we stop listening .
This is my <unk> . It 's a very simple thing .
It 's got a pat on and off .
Every morning I get back .
And yes , I have a challenge as you can see .
I put the challenge to 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple , every time I connect to it , it sends my information to Google Health .
And my <unk> physician has access to him as well . So , he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time when he needs to be , <unk> , or some urgency of that style , but to see it backwards .
But there 's another thing .
Like some of you , you know , I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter .
So every morning I connect me to my scale and before you go up to my car , people start to talk to me : <unk> , today I think you need a light lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's a pressure pressure used to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also for patients to stop smoking .
On the other hand , it can be able to move people out of their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health .
From next week , it will be available .
This little little bit connected to an iPhone or another device .
And people can be able to , from their homes , take their blood pressure , send them to their doctor , and share it with others , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where patients take a position , they 're going to recover the control and to be captains of its own boat , but it can also help us health care because of the challenges that we face , like the firing of the costs of attention , the doubling of demand and other issues .
<unk> techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team .
And you can do it with techniques like this , but it also crowdsourcing crowdsourcing .
And one of the things we did like to share with you with you with a video .
We all have navigation controls .
Maybe we even have them on our cell phones .
We know perfectly where ATMs are in <unk> .
Where they 're all <unk> .
And of course , we can find fast food chains .
But where is the closest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked , but nobody knew .
No one knew where to get the <unk> saves lives right now .
What we did was make crowdsourcing in the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we asked the audience that , if you look at the audience , you can see where , and when you 're open , because sometimes you open up at the end of the office and others are closed .
And over 10,000 <unk> were already introduced in the Netherlands .
The next step was to look for the app for that .
And we made an app for the iPad .
We created an application for <unk> , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time you 're in the city of <unk> and someone crashes , you can use your iPhone , and the next weeks to use your cell phone from Microsoft to find the nearest <unk> , which can save lives .
And from today , I 'd like to present this one , not just like <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but also as <unk> .
And we wish to <unk> .
We 're talking to all the colleagues in the world , in other universities , so you can help us find , work and act as a center for the crowdsourcing of <unk> around the world .
Every time you 're on vacation and somebody collapses , it can be a relative or somebody in front of you , you can find it .
I also want to invite companies around the world that could help us attain these <unk> .
They might be <unk> service or mobile people , for example , to see if the <unk> is still in its place .
Please help us in this and not just improve health , but to take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here to share slyly .
Or is it <unk> photography ?
Because of course , they 're photographs that they ca n't take with their cameras .
My interest in photography woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years .
I mixed with my passion before the drawing , but it was a little bit different because I used the camera , I was in planning .
And when you take a photograph with a camera , you end up when the trigger is pushed .
For me , photography had more than to do with being in the right place , at the right time .
It seemed like anybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , a process that would start when you press the trigger .
Maybe this : a construction on a very <unk> road .
But it has an unexpected twist .
And despite that , it keeps a level of realism .
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful , but with the common goal of keeping realism on the level of realism .
And when I say realism , I say <unk> .
Because , of course , it 's not something that I can do , but I always want it to seem to be captured in some way as a photograph .
I 'm going to have to think of a moment to discover the trick .
It has more to do with capturing an idea that I was able to capture a moment .
But what is the trick that makes them seem real ?
Are the details or the colors ?
<unk> the light ?
What does the illusion create ?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective .
But in the end , it 's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface .
It 's actually not about whether it 's realistic , but what we think is realistic .
So I think the foundations are very simple .
I see it as a really puzzle of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
Here we have three perfectly imaginable objects , something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined in a way they can create something that is still three-dimensional -- as if it existed .
But at the same time , we know it does n't exist .
So let 's get into the brain because the brain does n't accept the fact that it really does n't make sense .
And I see the same process by combining the photographs .
It really is to combine different realities .
And the things that make a picture looks realistic , I think it 's those where we do n't even think , the things that surround us in our everyday lives .
But by combining photographs , it 's very important to consider it , because otherwise something is going wrong .
So I 'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will go on to achieve realistic results .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But combined , you can create something like this .
So the first rule is , the combination of pictures must have the same perspective .
Secondly , the photos combined must have the same kind of light .
And these two images get to these requirements ; they took the same height and the same kind of light .
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of different images with a perfect joint .
It has to be impossible to see where the image is .
This is another example .
And you might think that this is a picture of a landscape and the bottom is filtered .
But this picture is completely composed by photographs of different places .
In the personal I think it 's easier to create a place to find it , because you do n't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head .
But it requires a lot of planning .
And as I thought about this idea in the winter I knew I had several months to <unk> , to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces .
For example , the fish was captured on a fishing trip .
The shores are from a different location .
The <unk> was captured in a stone well .
And yes , I even made the house on the top of the island to look more whimsical .
So in order to get a realistic result , I think it takes planning .
It 's always starting with a sketch , an idea .
Then you have to combine the different photographs .
And here every piece is very well known .
If you do a good job by taking the photos the result can be very beautiful and very realistic .
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'm going to start showing you a slide on technology , very boring .
Please , if you can put it .
This is a diagram that I took from a folder .
I 'm not really interested to show you the details , but the general aspect .
It 's a analysis that we were doing about the power of <unk> microprocessors versus the power of local area networks .
What 's interesting about this is that this one , as many other we usually see , is a kind of straight line on a logarithmic scale .
In other words , every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale .
I 'm going to talk about technology with <unk> <unk> is something new .
Here 's something weird .
And that 's what I 'm going to talk about .
Please turn out the lights .
<unk> more intensity because I write about paper .
Why chart is technological curves on <unk> scales ?
The answer is , if I draw it to a normal curve where , say , these are the years or some unit of time , and this would be any measure of the technology that I would like to draw , the diagram would look something ridiculous .
It would be like this .
It does n't say a lot .
But if we plot , for example , some other technology , like transportation , on a <unk> curve would be very dumb , we would see a straight line .
But if something like this , it turns out a qualitative shift .
If the transportation technology is as fast as the microprocessors , tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But it does n't go through that pace .
There is no precedent in the history of technological development of a <unk> growth that every few years advance orders of magnitude .
The question I want to make is -- looking at these exponential curves , we see that they do n't follow forever .
It 's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes .
Let me give you one of two things .
Or it 's going to become a typical curve , like this until something completely different , or maybe it 's going to do something like this .
That 's all it can happen .
I 'm optimistic , so I think maybe something like this .
So , now we would be in the middle of a transition .
In this line , we 're in a transition from what the world used to be , in a new way .
So what I 'm trying to ask , and ask , is what 's that new way to adopt the world ?
Where new state is the world going ?
The transition looks very , very confused if we 're immersed in it .
I remember the future of the future happening in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future and we see the future is still the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has shrunk , year after year , across my life .
But I think it 's because we feel that something is happening .
And we can feel it .
And we know that it does n't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different to extrapolate what we 're doing today does n't make any sense .
So I want to talk to you about how it might be , how it might be that transition that we experience .
But to do that , I 'll have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have much to do with technology and computer .
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and looking at things in the long term .
The scale of time I 'd like to do that is the time of life on Earth .
I think this picture makes sense if we look at each billion years .
So , we 're going back about a half thousand million years ago when the Earth was a great <unk> rock with many chemicals that will spread around it .
If we see the way those chemicals organized , we give us an idea of how things happened .
And I think there 's theories to start to understand the origin with RNA . I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and that is , at that moment , I 'd been floating on some oil droplets with all kinds of chemical recipes inside it .
Some of those water drops held a particular combination of chemicals that made materials from the outside , and then the droplets grew up .
And they started to divide .
In some sense , those were the most primitive cell forms ; those of those oil droplets .
But those drops were n't alive , in the current sense , because each of them contained a random prescription of chemicals .
And every time they 've got divided into an unequal distribution of chemicals that held .
So every droplet was a little bit different .
In fact , the droplets that somehow become better at the time to bring the chemicals around the surrounding chemicals ; they were growing more , and they were increasingly divided .
They usually lived longer , they were more represented .
It was a form of life , a chemical life , very simple , but things are interesting when these drops learned the trick of abstraction .
In some ways that we do n't understand very well , they learned how to store information .
They learned to save information , which was the recipe of the cell , in a special chemical called DNA .
In other words , <unk> in this meaningless evolution , a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to be able to record .
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since evolved two million years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , have exactly the same code , that same writing system .
In fact , every living being is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code .
So here I have 100 <unk> dust that I try to hide from the airport .
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we tend to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data on this piece of DNA , and I 'll put it 10 to 22 times .
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card , I have a lot of people in the present ; in fact , for every person in the world , and it 's here .
If it was a <unk> , I would have put it in a virus and have spread it through the room .
What was the next step ?
Writing DNA was an interesting step .
This made these cells become happy another billion years .
But then another big thing happened in which things are very different , and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information , forming information .
I do n't know if you know it , but bacteria can exchange DNA .
So for example , it evolved antibiotic resistance .
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin , and they were <unk> to create their small DNA with other bacteria , and now there are many resistant to penicillin , because bacteria communicate .
This communication gave rise to the communities that , in a way , were together in that ; there were a synergy .
In that way , she survived or failed together , whatever if a community was very successful all the individuals in that community , they were shot more and they were <unk> by evolution .
And the turning point occurred when these communities came up so much that , in fact , they came together and decided to write the whole recipe for the community together in a chain of DNA .
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years .
And at that stage , we have multicellular communities , communities of many different types of cells working together as one organism .
In fact , we are a multi-cellular community .
We have lots of cells that are no longer acting alone .
The skin cell does n't serve without the heart , or the muscle cell , or the brain , etc .
So these communities evolved and produced the more interesting levels that the cell phone , something we call an organism .
The next level happened within these communities .
They started to get information out of information .
And to build very special structures that did n't do more than process information in the community .
They are the neural structures .
The neurons are the appliances that process information that these cell communities built .
In fact , they started to specialize in the community , as being the <unk> structures , understand and transmit information .
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at that moment as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , and not the period of evolutionary time .
So an organism could , for example , learning to not eat a certain piece of fruit because he knew the last time they ate it .
That could happen during the life of an organism since before they had built these information processing structures that would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit .
So the fact that the nervous system built those information structures to dramatically accelerated the evolutionary process .
Because evolution could now confined to an individual .
It could happen in the time necessary to learn .
But then , of course , individuals discovered the trick of communication .
So , for example , the most refined version that we know is human language .
If we think about it , it 's an incredible invention .
I have a very complicated idea a vague idea , in the head .
And I 'm here sitting here to be sitting down here and , hopefully , building a similar , vague idea in your heads that holds some analogy with mine .
But we take something very complicated , we turned it into sound , into sound sequences , and we produce something very complicated in another brain .
That 's now allowing us to start working as an organism .
In fact , as humanity , we 've started making abstractions .
We now move through periods like the multicellular organisms , we abstract our online methods , presentation and information processing .
For example , the invention of language was a small step in that direction .
<unk> , computing , video games , the CD-ROM , and so on , are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to manage that information .
And that brings us into something much larger , faster and able to evolve more than we did before .
Now evolution can happen in microseconds .
You saw the evolutionary <unk> of <unk> where it produced some evolution with the <unk> program , in front of our eyes .
And now we 've accelerated the time scales again .
The first stages of history that I told you about a billion years every one .
The next stages , the nervous system and the brain , took about hundreds of millions of years .
The next , the language and so on , they took less than a million years .
And the next ones , like electronics , seems to take a few decades .
The process is fed itself . I guess it 's the right word to name something which accelerates its own pace of change .
The more it changes , the faster it does .
And I think that 's what we 're looking at in this explosion of the curve .
We see the process itself feeds .
But I do my life designing computers , and I know that the mechanisms that I can not design would n't be possible without recent technology .
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible to design it in a conventional way .
I do n't know that it does every transistor in that connections machine .
There are billions .
Instead , with the designers of <unk> <unk> , we think about a level of abstraction , we put it in the machine and the machine that does something that did something that you could n't , it gets far further and faster than ever before .
In fact , sometimes it uses methods that we do n't even understand good .
A particularly interesting method , which I 've been using lately , is evolution itself .
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microseconds .
And for example , in the most extreme cases , we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions .
We say , `` Please computer , can you run a hundred million random instructions ?
Could you run these random instructions , to run all those programs , and take those of those programs that are going to get into what we want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
Let 's say I want to order the numbers , to put a simple example .
So , we found the programs that are closer to order .
Of course , it 's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions , <unk> numbers , so none of them did .
But one , luckily , could find two numbers in the right order .
And I said , `` computer , could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that have been doing the task ?
They 're going to get those and <unk> the rest .
And now I 'm going to tell you the ones that best ordered the numbers .
And let 's go back to <unk> , following a homologous recombination process . ''
Let 's take two programs , which are <unk> , which <unk> <unk> , and the children will promote the properties of both programs .
So we managed to get a new generation of programs that had a little more successful .
And we say , `` Please repeat the process . ''
<unk> again .
We 've got some mutations .
And he tries to try again and try and look at another generation .
Well , every generation takes a few milliseconds .
So , I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in complicated cases , in complicated cases .
In the end , we ended up with programs that have absolutely perfect numbers .
In fact , they 're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs I ca n't say how they work .
I 've tried to analyze it to see how they work .
They 're dark , weird programs .
But they do it .
In fact , I know , I have the security that they get the goal because they come from a hundreds of thousands of programs that they did .
In fact , their lives depended on that .
Once I was going on a 747 with CBS Chris , and you get a card and he says , `` Look at this .
It says , `` This plane does have hundreds of thousands of <unk> who work together to offer a safe flight . '' Does n't make you feel quiet ? ''
We know that engineering processes do n't work very well when they 're becoming complicated .
So we started to depend on computers to do different design processes .
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than the normal engineering .
However , we do n't understand all the choices that there are .
In that sense , it goes in front of us .
We now use those programs to make computers much faster , and so we can run these programs much faster .
It 's , it 's fed up .
The thing gets faster and faster , and so I think it looks so confused .
Because all these technologies are fed up .
We 're taking off .
And we 're at an analog moment to the single-celled organisms when they became multicellular .
We are the amoebas and we ca n't understand what the hell we 're creating .
We 're at the tipping point .
But I think something comes from behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant of our part to think that we are the final product of evolution .
And I think that all of us are part of the creation of whatever it is to come .
But now comes at lunch , and I think we stop here before I get stuck .
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that needs to change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I 've spent time enough to let me give up part of my false prestige .
Before I try the theme of my talk , let 's talk a little baseball .
Why not ?
We 're near the end of the World Series here .
We love baseball , right ?
baseball is filled with amazing statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's going to be `` <unk> the rules , '' talking about statistics and use them to form a big baseball team .
I 'm going to focus on one of them , and I hope that many of you know that .
It 's called the average <unk> .
And we talked about 300 , a <unk> <unk> .
That means that the bat <unk> <unk> , three of 10 times .
That means throwing the ball into the game of play without being trapped , and anyone who 's trying to throw it down to the first base , do n't get to time , and the second base will be <unk> .
Three tries to talk about 10 .
You know how you call a <unk> <unk> ?
Well , really good , maybe the team of the stars .
You know how you call a baseball .
By the way , that 's somebody who 's 10 strokes , they get four .
<unk> -- like the legendary Ted Williams , the last <unk> of the Major Major Major <unk> in execute more 400 strokes in a regular season .
Now let me look at this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , or maybe less uncomfortable , after what I 'm going to tell you today .
Suppose you have appendicitis , and they 're derivatives to a surgeon who has a record record in <unk> .
It does n't work , right ?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place , and a dear to have two arteries like two clogged stroke , and his family physician leaves a cardiologist whose record in <unk> is 200 .
But you know something ?
She 's getting better better this year .
And the hits have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But I 'll ask you .
What do you think should be the average of a heart of heart surgeon , a prosthetic surgeon , a nurse or a <unk> <unk> ?
1,000 , very well .
And the truth of the matter is that no one in all medicine knows the hits of a good surgeon , from a doctor or a doctor .
What we do , though , is they send them to the world , and I would include with the mandate to be perfect .
I never , ever , make a mistake and try to figure out how to do it well .
That was the take-home message when I was in medical school .
I was a <unk> student .
Once , a partner in high school said that Brian Sachs studied to a blood test .
Maybe .
I put in my little <unk> , at the residence of the General Hospital of Toronto , not far from here .
And I learned all of the memory .
From my anatomy , I memorized the origin and the muscle work , the branching of every artery that comes out of wages , diagnostic diagnosis frequent and not usual .
And I even knew the differential diagnosis on how to classify the kidney <unk> <unk> .
And as much more knowledge and more knowledge .
And I was going very well ; I graduated with them .
And let 's stop in medical school with the impression that if you 're going to get everything , then would know everything , or as possible , close to all , because I 'm going to get rid of the mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met the lady <unk> .
I was a resident in a university hospital here in Toronto , when they brought the lady in the emergency room where I was working .
At the time I was assigned to the cardiology .
And when we requested the emergency room to a cardiologist .
and report the chief of residents .
When I saw the Mrs. <unk> lady , I was hot .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when the <unk> , I heard a <unk> sound on both sides , which gave me a congestive heart failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working , and instead of pump the blood forward , the blood goes to the lungs , these blood people , and that 's why there 's difficulty breathing .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did it , and I started working on treatment that would give them .
I gave him aspirin and medication to relieve the pressure on their heart .
I gave him <unk> , water pills , so that I could eliminate liquid .
And in an hour or two , she began to feel better .
And I felt very well .
And that 's when I made the first mistake , he sent her home .
I actually made two more mistakes .
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents .
I did n't get up the phone and did what I should have done , which I was calling my boss and <unk> with him to see her .
And if my boss would have seen it , I would have been able to bring this information out .
Maybe I did it for a good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident to pay attention .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility , that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss .
The second mistake I made was worse .
When they send it to their house , he did n't pay attention to a voice in my inner saying , `` Sachs , it 's not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , I was so insecure , until I asked the nurse who was taking care of the lady , `` Do you think it 's okay if you go home ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he said , `` Yes , I think I 'll be good . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday .
So he signed up , and the ambulance along with the ambulance took her home .
And I went back to the hospital room .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , I had a bad feeling in the stomach .
But I followed my job .
At the end of the day , I was able to leave the hospital and walked into the parking lot where my car was to go home . I did something I do n't normally do .
I went through the emergency emergency road .
And there another nurse , not that I was taking care of the lady before , but another . He told me three words , those three words that most emergency doctors fear .
Other specialists fear fear , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and we see the <unk> patients .
The three words are remember , remember you ?
`` Does it remember the patient who sent home ? ''
I asked the other nurse in total naturally .
`` Well , she returned , '' with the same voice tone .
She was fine .
But I went back and on the edge of death .
After one hour of arriving at home , after I read her high , he suffered a collapse and his family called 911 ; the ambulance brought him in emergency blood pressure with a <unk> blood pressure , which means a severe shock .
I 'm just breathing and blue .
The emergency staff will destroy all their resources .
They gave him medication to raise blood pressure .
And they put a ventilator .
I was shocked and <unk> down to the spinal cord .
He had a mixture of feelings because after the <unk> was in intensive care , and waiting against all hope he would recover .
And in the next two days , it was clear that they never <unk> .
He had permanent brain damage .
The family gathered together .
And in eight or nine days , they would be transferred to what was happening .
And at ninth day , they left her going . The lady <unk> , wife and grandmother .
They say they never forget the names that they die .
That was my first experience .
And the next few weeks , I get bored by it , and I experienced the embarrassment of embarrassment that exists in our medical culture , and I felt only , isolated , without feeling that healthy embarrassment , because you ca n't afford them with your colleagues .
You make peace and never make that mistake .
It 's that shame that leaves a teaching .
The <unk> shame that I 'm talking about is that makes us feel very bad about it .
It 's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong , but we 're bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't my boss ; he was an charm .
I talked to the family , and I 'm sure we 're going to take the stuff out and made sure I did n't get me .
And I kept getting those questions .
Why did n't my boss asked my boss ? Why sent her home ?
And my worst moments : Why did I make such a dumb mistake ?
Why did I choose medicine ?
Little by the feeling was <unk> .
And I started to feel better .
And in the cloudy day , the sky opened , and then the sun was opened , and I wondered if I felt better again .
And I made a deal with myself in which if we were able to make the efforts to be perfect for not making more mistakes , I would make those voices away .
And so it was .
I went back to work .
It came back .
Two years later , I was an assistant at the emergency department in a State hospital in the north state of Toronto , and I received a <unk> man with a pain .
I was very busy .
And he pointed out here .
I watched her throat , I was a little bit <unk> .
I got rid of penicillin and sent him home .
But while he ran to the door , he kept pointing his throat .
Two days later , when I came to make my guard change , my chief asked to talk to me in his office .
And he made the three words : remember you ?
Remember the patient who saw by a pain ?
He went back and did n't have a <unk> <unk> .
He had a potentially fatal condition called <unk> .
You can look for Google . It 's an infection , not your throat , but from the top air , and it can cause the bottom of those pathways .
He , fortunately , no passed away .
We managed antibiotics to go back and recovered in the few days .
And I went through the same period of shame and <unk> , and then I was relieved and went back to work , until it happened over and over again .
Two times in the same emergency shift , no appendicitis .
And it 's a big effort , especially working in a hospital , because they 're attend to 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I did n't send them home and I do n't think it 's been a carelessness .
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation .
Order , an X-ray of a kidneys , but it turned out , a colleague who was checking the patient was a certain sensitivity in the lower right quadrant and called the surgeon .
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea .
And I read it liquid order to <unk> it , and I asked my colleague to get it .
I checked it down , and when you see some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant , I called the surgeon .
Both were operated on and recovered well .
But every case , I devoured myself .
But I 'd like to tell you I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise , and as many colleagues say , it 's a mess .
The most significant have been over the last five years .
Only , embarrassed and no support .
And here 's the problem : if I ca n't get it to me and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the <unk> that tells me what really happens , how can I share this with my colleagues ?
How do we show this for you to do n't make the same mistakes ?
If I would go to a place like this , I would n't have an idea of what you think about me .
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure , after failure , after failure ?
Of course at a party you 'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors , but you wo n't hear somebody talking about their own mistakes .
And if I knew and my colleagues , as well , that a <unk> in my hospital <unk> the wrong leg , believe you would have difficulty looking at it in the eyes .
This is the system we have .
The total denial of mistakes .
It 's the system in which there are two positions : those who make mistakes and those who do n't ; those who ca n't sleep , and those who have great results and those who have great results .
And it 's almost like a ideological reaction , like antibodies they start to attack that person .
We have the idea that if you 're going to make sure the drug we 're making mistakes , we will stay a safe system .
But that brings up two problems .
In 20 years , about diffusion and medical journalism , I 've done a personal study of medical litigation and medical errors to learn as possible , from the first article that I wrote for the `` Star <unk> , '' to my show : `` White <unk> , Art Art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous .
We worked in a system where mistakes are happening every day , where one in 10 drugs <unk> in the hospital are wrong , or <unk> is not right . In a system where the hospital-acquired infections are increasingly and more numerous , causing chaos and death .
In this country , 24,000 Canadians die by preventable medical disease .
The U.S. Medical Institute .
In both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not tackling the problem as we should .
And that 's what things are .
A hospitable system where knowledge is summarized every two or three years , and we do n't get rid of it .
The sleep deprivation is playing .
And we ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow to make a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest .
Now , let 's take the same patient with a pain in the chest , and it comes from <unk> eyes and holding alcohol to alcohol , and all of a sudden , my story is <unk> of contempt .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things always .
And my patients are not cars . They did n't tolerate their symptoms always in the same way .
For all of this , mistakes are inevitable .
So if we took the system as we were taught , and we eliminate all of the professional professionals to error , well , you 're not going to stay left .
What about people do n't want to talk about their most serious cases ?
In my program : `` <unk> white art , '' is already a custom saying , `` This is my worst mistake . '' I would say , `` This is my worst mistake . '' I would say , `` This is my worst mistake . '' I would say , `` This is my worst mistake , '' blah , blah , blah -- `` What are your
And their students were laughing , <unk> , go down the head and spit saliva and started telling their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share them .
We can say , `` Look , they do n't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where we can do it .
They need a <unk> medical culture .
And it starts with a doctor every time .
The redefined physician is human , they know human , he accepts it , and they do n't touch their mistakes , but he 's trying to learn from what 's happened to teach others .
It shares their experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their mistakes .
Points out the mistakes of other people not with intent to catch , but in a loving way and support for all of us to benefit .
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes human beings run the system , and when this happens , they become errors once in the time .
My name is Brian Sachs .
I 'm an redefined doctor .
I 'm human , make mistakes .
And I 'm so sorry , but I 'm a lot of effort to learn something that can convey to others .
I do n't know what you think about me , but I can live with that .
And let me conclude with three personal words : I remember it .
Do you know how many decisions we take one day ?
Do you know how much we choose in a week ?
I recently made a survey over 2,000 people , and the average amount of elections that he says to choose an American medium , it 's about 70 to a day .
It does n't do a lot , in a research followed for a week to a group of CEOs .
The researchers recorded the different tasks we 've recorded by these executives and the time that we need to make decisions related to those tasks .
They found that , on average , we 've been able to give them jobs a week .
Naturally , every job included lots of <unk> .
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less .
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time .
Now think of your choices .
Do you know how many you belong to the <unk> category , and how many of an hour ?
How do you grade the way that drives those decisions ?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today : choose to the overload of choices .
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions .
As I talk about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions , and I need to know your answers .
When I ask a question , as I 'm blind , raise your hand only if you want to burn calories .
Otherwise , when you ask a question , if your answer is positive please do a favor .
And now my first question of the day : Are you ready to hear about the problem of your choices ?
Thank you .
Being a graduate student at Stanford University , <unk> this supermarket very , very high , at least at the time was very sophisticated .
His name was <unk> .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar , more than 500 different types of fruit and vegetables and about 25 bottled water , and this was when we took water on the tap .
I loved going to that store , but at one occasion , I wondered , why never buy anything ?
This is the shelf for olive oil .
They had more than 75 different classes , including those who were in sealed box that came from millennials millennials .
I once decided to visit the manager and asked him , `` Does it work well this strategy of offering all these options ? ''
He pointed to me with the buses full of tourists that came every day , usually with their cameras .
We decided to do a little experiment with <unk> .
hallway .
They had <unk> different classes .
They put a post for <unk> , right to the entry ticket .
We put it out of six flavors , or of 24 tastes different , and we looked at two things : First , what did people have been willing to try and try to prove them ?
More people stopped when there was 24 , 60 percent , that when there were only six , 40 percent .
We also looked at what they were more likely to buy a mug jar .
So here we find the opposite effect .
From the ones that stopped when there was 24 , only three percent came to buy mildness .
From the ones that stood up when there were six , we saw 30 percent ballet .
If we do the calculations , people had six times more likely to buy writings if they were six .
Well , to decide that we do n't buy logically , we probably want it to keep the <unk> , but it turns out that the problem of behavioral overload is affecting us in a very momentous decision .
We decided not to decide , even though this is not going to happen to us .
Now the theme of the day : the financial savings .
I 'm going to describe to you a study that I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Wei <unk> , where we 're looking at decisions about retirement in retirement about a million Americans from a million plans from this country .
We were interested to see whether the number of funding offers in retirement savings plans , the 401 program , <unk> people to save for the future .
And we discovered that there was a correlation .
We had <unk> plans for two to 59 different options .
We found that the bigger the number of funding was given , they had less participation .
So if we look at the extremes , we see that in the plans that they offer two funds , the rate of participation was 70 percent or more , not as high as they would like .
And in the plans that they offered about 60 funds , the rate of participation came to the '60s .
It turns out that even if you decide to engage in , when there are more options , even in that case , there are negative consequences .
So , for those who decided to participate , the bigger the number of options , the more people will be used to avoid actions or investment funds .
In terms of more options , they were more willing to invest in market financial accounts .
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we have to optimize to optimize the well-being financial well-being .
In the previous decade , we 've seen three negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities .
The most likely thing is that we make the decision , which is even when it 's going on against the self-interest .
It 's more likely to make the worst decisions ; in finance and health .
They 're more likely to pick up less satisfying things , but objectively them better .
The main reason is that we enjoy looking at that gigantic variety of <unk> , mustard , vinegar and album , but we 're not able to do the calculations , to compare , contrast and choosing that awesome exhibition .
I want to give you four simple techniques that we 've tried , in one way or another , different research , so you can test in their business .
The first one is , <unk> .
You 've heard it before , but it has never been more than today , which is less .
People always get upset when I say , `` <unk> . ''
They care about losing space in <unk> .
But actually what we 're looking at increasingly is that if you choose to cut , get rid of weird options , there will be a increase in sales , <unk> the costs , there will be a better experience in choice .
When <unk> & Gamble happened from 26 different types of Head back to 15 , they saw a 10 percent increase in sales .
When the Golden Gate corporation eliminated the products that they 're less sold , they increased profits at 87 percent , for two causes : higher sales and lower costs .
You know than today 's supermarkets , on average , you have 45,000 products .
In a tent , Walmart offers about 100,000 products .
But the biggest store in the present world today is <unk> and offers only <unk> products -- a kind of tomato sauce on it .
In the financial savings world , I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to handle better options is David <unk> 's edition , the Harvard program .
All Harvard employees are automatically recorded to a safe fund of life .
The people who you want to choose , they 're offered 20 funds , not 300 or more .
You know that often people say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
They 're all important options . ''
The first thing I do is ask the employees , `` Tell me the differences that there are among those options .
And if your employees ca n't tell the difference , they ca n't do their customers . ''
This afternoon , before I started this session , I was talking to Gary .
He told me that he would be willing to offer people in this audience with a whole holiday to the most beautiful road in the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to leave a few seconds to read it , and then I want you to give you a hand if you 're ready to take the offer of Gary .
( Few applause ) Okay . Anyone who is ready to accept the offer .
Are n't they more ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something else .
You knew that there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that journey ?
I think I actually heard more hands .
All right .
Actually , you had more information on the first round , which in the second one , but I can tell you that they thought the second time was more real .
Because the images were made to be more real .
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the overload of choice .
For people to understand differences among choices , they have to understand the consequences of each choice , and the consequences must feel very vividly , very concrete .
Why do people spend 15 percent more on average when you use card cards or credit , when they use cash ?
Because it does n't look real money .
It turns out that making it look more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We did a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> , who worked on <unk> , these people were in a meeting where they were being attached to a 401 plan .
That meeting , which is exactly how I used to be used , we made a little addition .
What we added to was that we appeal to the staff to think about the positive things that they would have in their lives if they were saving more money .
With this <unk> , there was an increase in 20 percent and an increase in the amount they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts , four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can handle more categories than choices .
For example , this is a study that we did in a magazine hallway .
We saw that in the supermarkets , in the course of the northeast corridor , the magazine exhibition can contain from 331 different kinds of people .
But you know ?
Because the classification tells me how to differentiate .
These are two pieces of jewelry .
One is called `` <unk> '' and the other , `` <unk> . ''
If you think that the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , you stand .
Okay , there 's some of them .
If you think that the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , you stand .
Well , something else .
It turns out it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> . But you know something ?
This rating framework is completely useless .
The categories must tell you something that you choose , not what defines them .
You often see this problem with these huge funds lists .
supposedly , who are informing ?
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out that we can handle a lot more information than we think , if we just simplified it a little bit .
We have to increase complexity gradually .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's look at a complicated thing ; you buy a car purchase .
This is a German car maker that allows completely <unk> .
You have to take 60 decisions , to build the car .
And these decisions vary in the number of options that offers each one .
<unk> , color outside of the car . I have 56 possibilities .
Car , toolbox , four options .
What I 'm going to do is change the order that make decisions appear .
So half of the customers are going to go from many choices , 56 colors , in a few , four boxes .
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few options , four boxes , to 56 colors , many options .
And what am I going to look at ?
How involved you are .
If you 're going to take you through the default button in any decision , it indicates that they 're overwhelmed , it 's like , we 're losing them .
We found that those who go from many options , push the default button over and over again .
We lose them .
If you go from little options , you 're going on there .
The same information , the same number of options .
The only thing I did was disrupt the order that the information is presented .
If we start with the easy thing , you learn to pick .
Even though you pick the box of changes do n't say anything about the preferences of the interior decoration , in all ways you prepare us to choose .
We 're excited about a product that we 're building now has more engaged in the process .
So to summarize .
I 've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the overload of choice : <unk> , you know , strange alternatives -- <unk> , to make it real ; we can manage more categories with less choices ; we 're making complexity .
All these techniques that I 've been presented with were designed to help drive the alternatives , or better , for you , to use them in your business , or for the people who serve .
It 's that I think the key to get the best of a choice is being careful when you choose .
And the more careful careful we will be in our best choices we can practice art of choice .
Thank you very much .
In the 1980s , in the communist Germany , in communist Germany , if you had a writing machine , you had to write the government .
I had to register a <unk> piece of text with the machine .
And this so that the government could track the origin of the text .
If they found a written message to the wrong message , they could track the footprint to the origin of the idea .
In the West , we do n't think that someone could do this , so much that it would be able to get the freedom of expression .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser printer from any big manufacturer and print a page , that page will end up having some yellow printed dots on each page that they follow a pattern that makes you own one and your printer .
That 's happening today .
And nobody looks very much like this .
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us , citizens .
And it 's one of the three main causes of problems on the network .
If we look at what 's happening in the world online , we can putting the attacks on their bombers .
There are three main groups .
There 's the cybercriminals .
Like Mr. gravely <unk> of Kiev 's city , in Ukraine .
The cybercriminals is very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They wear a lot of money to earn a lot of money , huge amounts .
There are really many cases of millionaires online , billionaires , who would give money with their attacks .
This is antivirus <unk> , from <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred Gonzalez .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
This is Matthieu Anderson : I 've got a <unk> and so forth , etc. , etc .
These guys make their fortunes online , but they do it by illegal means using banking trojans to steal money from our bills when we buy online , or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in a infected computer .
The secret 's secret service two months ago , froze the Swiss account of this guy , Sam Jain , and this account had <unk> million dollars when it was frozen .
Mr. Jain is a change ; you know the stop .
And I say that today is more likely than any of us is a victim of a cybercriminal than a real crime .
And it 's very obvious that this is going wrong .
In the future , most crimes will come online .
The second group of bombers in importance that we 're looking at today is not driven by money .
There 's another thing that moves , they motivate them the protests , they motivate them , they motivate them .
<unk> like Anonymous have been <unk> over the last 12 months occupying a prominent role in online attacks .
Those are the three master bombers : criminals who do it for money , <unk> as Anonymous that they do to protest and the last group is the national governments that attack .
And then we see cases like the <unk> .
That 's a good example of government attack against their own citizens .
<unk> is a certified authority of the Netherlands , or actually , it was .
They broke off the last fall because of a <unk> .
You 're going to get safety from the site and bring it to be <unk> .
Last week , I asked , in a meeting with the representatives of the Dutch government , and asked one of the leaders if they were able to gain death of people from attack to attack .
And the answer of it was yes .
So how do people die from a attack of these ?
<unk> is an <unk> authority .
<unk> certified .
What do the certificates serve ?
Well , you need to have a website with <unk> , <unk> <unk> <unk> , services like Gmail .
Except , it was a foreign <unk> authority .
And then , certified certificates .
And in the case of <unk> , it happened exactly that .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt , the protesters agreed the headquarters for Egyptian secret police in April 2011 , and during the aquarium of the building , they found a lot of papers .
Among those papers was this folder called `` <unk> . ''
And inside that folder , there were notes from a company based on Germany that had sold in Germany that had the Egyptian government tools to intercept the communications of the citizens of the country .
They had sold this tool by 280 euros to the Egyptian government .
The company headquarters is right here .
So , Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens .
But Western governments also do this to themselves .
For example in Germany , just a couple of weeks ago , I found <unk> <unk> -- a <unk> used by the German government to investigate their own citizens .
If you 're suspicious in a criminal case , you know , it 's pretty obvious that your phone is intervened .
But today it goes beyond .
It <unk> the Internet connection .
It 's even tools like <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to allow them to see all communication , and listen to online discussions , to get our data .
When we think closely about things like these obvious answer should be `` Well , it seems bad , but actually it does n't affect me because I 'm an honest citizen .
Why worrying ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
It 's playing privacy .
Privacy is no dispute .
It 's not a question of privacy against security .
It 's about freedom against control .
If we could trust our governments today in 2011 , any right to <unk> today , it will be forever .
Do you accept blindly in any future government , in a management that we could have within 50 years ?
These are the questions you 've got to worry about the next 50 years .
Here 's where I live . I live in Kenya , in the southern area of Nairobi .
These are cows from my dad , in the background , and behind the cows , the National Park Park .
In Nairobi National Park , it does n't have fences at most of the South , which means wild animals like zebras migrate freely outside of the park .
And predators , like lions , follow them , and this is what they do .
Let us have our livestock .
This is one that killed at night , and as soon as we got up in the morning and found it dead , I felt very bad because it was the only bull we had .
My community , the <unk> , we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to <unk> , and so we value them so much .
So I grew up <unk> a lot .
They were dying of warriors who protect our community and cattle , and they 're upset with the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of the six lions who killed in Nairobi .
I think that 's why there are so few in Nairobi National Park .
A child in my community , from six to nine years , is responsible to livestock his father , and this was the same thing to happen to me .
So I had to find a way to solve this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought the lions would be scared .
But I realized that actually it did n't help , because I even helped the lions to see the shed away .
I did n't give up . He went on .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
I was trying to trick the lions so that they believed that I was near the shed .
But the lions are very smart . They came the first day and saw the <unk> , and they were , but the second day , they went back and said , this thing does n't move , it 's always here . So he jumped and killed animals .
So one night I was walking around the shed with a torch , and that day the lions did n't come .
I found that the lions are afraid of the light that moves .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch off to turn out the lights .
And this is a small lamp of a broken lantern .
Let 's get everything .
As you can see , the solar panel load the battery and battery <unk> the little <unk> box . I call it a transformative .
And the <unk> box makes the light lights .
As you can see , the <unk> get out , because that 's where the lions come from .
And this is how you see lions when they come from night .
And the lights are going to go into the lions so you think I 'm walking through the pen , but I 'm sleeping in my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then , we never went back to having trouble with lions .
And the neighborhood in the neighborhood heard the idea .
One of them is from this grandmother .
She had killed a lot of animals , and the lions and asked me if I could put the lights out .
I said yes .
I put them . You can see the bottom , these are the lights for lions .
Since then , I 've installed them in seven houses in my community , and they 're serving a lot .
And my idea is also used now for all Kenya , to scare other predators like hyenas , leopards , and it 's also using it to scare elephants from farms .
Thank you to this invention , I was fortunate enough to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> International School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school now is helping to raise funds and <unk> .
I even took my friends to my community , and we installed lights in the houses they do n't have , and I teach them how to put them .
So , a year ago , it was just a boy in the savanna of the savanna , <unk> my father 's cows , and I used to see airplanes , and he said that someday I would be inside one day .
And here I am .
I got the opportunity to come on an airplane for the first time to TED .
My great dream is to get to an engineer of aviation and pilot .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving my dad 's cows and lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What in my language means , thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You do n't think of how exciting it is to listen to a story like yours .
So you got a scholarship . Richard <unk> : Yes .
CA : You 're working on other electrical inventions .
What 's the next on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to make an electrical fence . CA : One fence electric ?
<unk> : I know you 've already invented electrical fences , but I want to make mine .
CA : So you 've got it once , right ? And you -- <unk> : I 've tried it before , but I stopped because I got a <unk> . CA : On the canyon , Richard <unk> , you 're a big thing .
We 're going to take it in every step you give , friend of mine .
Thank you very much . <unk> : Thank you very much .
When I was a little bit , I thought my country was the best of the planet .
And I grew up singing a song called `` Nothing <unk> . ''
And I felt very proud of it .
In school , we spent all the time studying Kim <unk> history , but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world , except that America , South Korea , Japan are enemies .
But sometimes I wondered about the rest of the world , I thought I would spend all my life in North Korea , until everything changed all of a sudden .
When I was seven , I saw my first public execution .
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was not poor , and I was never starving .
But one day in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from my sister 's colleague .
That he said , `` When you look at this , the five family members will never exist in this world , because we have n't eaten in the last two weeks .
We are <unk> together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , that we 're prepared to die . ''
It was very altered .
It was the first time I heard people were suffering from my country .
At the time , when I was walking in front of the train station , I saw something terrible that I ca n't delete my memory .
A woman without life was dead in the street , holding a child in his arms watching her face without being able to do anything .
Nobody helped them , because they were very concerned to take care of themselves and their families .
A huge famine strip North Korea in the middle of the '90s .
In the end , over a million North Koreans died during the famine , and just a few survived eating grass , insects and the tree of tree .
They also became more and more frequently <unk> , all around me was completely in the dark at night except for the sea lights in China , just crossing the river from my house .
I always wondered why they had light and us not .
This is a satellite book from North Korea at night compared to the neighboring countries .
This is the <unk> River , which serves from North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very narrow at certain points , allowing North Koreans , to allow North Koreans .
But many of them die .
Sometimes , I saw bodies floating in the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of how I left North Korea , but I can only say that for the years of famine , I was sent to China to live with distant relatives .
But I just thought I 'd be separated from my family for a short time .
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years to live together .
In China , it was hard to live as a young woman without my family .
I had no idea what life like refugee <unk> .
But I soon learned that it 's not just extremely difficult , but also dangerous , because refugees North Koreans were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity were revealed , and it would be <unk> to a horrible fate back in North Korea .
One day , my worst nightmare was actually done , when I was arrested by the Chinese police and <unk> in the police station .
Somebody had been accused of being <unk> , and then I had my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions .
It was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to explode .
If it did n't seem natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to end .
But I managed to control my emotions and said the questions .
At the end of the interrogation an official said to another , `` This was a fake report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And they left me . It was a miracle .
Some North Koreans in China seek asylum in foreign embassies .
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and deported .
These women were very lucky .
Though they had captured it , they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure .
These Koreans were not so lucky .
Every year , countless Koreans are caught in China and deported North Korea , where they 're tortured , imprisoned or executed in public .
Though I was lucky to escape , many other North Koreans have n't been lucky .
It 's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive .
Even after learning a new language , and finding work , all the world can be absorbed in a moment .
That 's why , after 10 years of hiding my identity , I decided to risk going to South Korea .
And I started a new life again .
<unk> in South Korea was a much bigger challenge of what I expected .
The English was very important in South Korea , I had to start learning my third language .
Also , I understood that there was a big gap between North and South .
We 're all Koreans , but within , we 've come to be very different because of 67 years of division .
I even went through an identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly , there was no country I could call with pride of mine .
Even though we were going to raise life in South Korea , it was n't easy , I did a plan . I started to study for the entrance exam to university .
Just when I was starting to interview my new life , I got an alarming call .
The North Korea authorities had some money that sent my family , and as punishment , my family was going to be shifted to the force to a location outside .
They had to run away immediately .
And so I started planning how to help them escape .
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way towards freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea .
So , ironically , I took a flight to China and walked to the border to North Korea .
Since my family could n't speak Chinese , I had to guide them , somehow , for more than 3,000 miles across China , and then across Southeast Asia .
The journey in <unk> took a week , and we were almost caught several times .
Once , our bus was stopped and approached by a Chinese police officer .
He was asking for everybody 's identification .
As my family could n't understand Chinese , I thought my family was getting arrested .
When the Chinese officer came up to my family , impulse stood up and told him that they were <unk> people that I was accompanying .
I looked at me , but fortunately I believed me .
We did all the way up to the border of Laos .
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Barrow .
But even after spending the border , my family was arrested and incarcerated for crossing the illegally border .
After paying tickets and bribes , my family was released in a month .
But in time , my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the capital capital .
This was one of the lowest points in my life .
I did all of it by releasing my family , and we were so close to , but my family was <unk> in prison at short distance from the embassy of South Korea .
And I was going to come between the immigration office and the police station , desperately trying to liberate my family .
But I did n't have enough money to pay more bribes or tickets .
I lost hope .
At that time , or the voice of a man , `` What 's the problem ? ''
I was so amazed that a stranger would mind asking .
With my poor English and a dictionary , I told him the situation , and no doubt , the man was the ATM , and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for another two North Koreans and to get them out of prison .
And I got him back with my heart , and I said , `` Why do I help me ? ''
`` I 'm not helping me , '' he said .
`` I 'm helping the <unk> people . ''
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life .
The kind unknown , <unk> a new hope for me and for the <unk> people when we needed it .
And I showed me that the kindness of strangers and support in the international community are really the rays of hope that the <unk> people need .
Over time , after our long journey , my family and I met in South Korea .
But to achieve their freedom is only half the battle .
A lot of North Koreans are separated from their families , and when they go to a new country , they start with little or anything about money .
So , we can benefit from the international community with education , practices in the English language , work practices , and more .
We can also act as a bridge between people within North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because a lot of us continue in contact with family in contact , and we send information and money that 's helping to change North Korea from inside .
I 've been very lucky , I 've gotten a lot of help and inspiration in my life , so I want to help North Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support .
I 'm sure you 're going to see more and more North North Koreans , including the TED stage .
Thank you .
I live in the South Central .
This is the South <unk> : <unk> stores , fast food , <unk> terrain .
So the city planners came together and they thought , we 're going to change the South Central <unk> to represent something else , so they changed it to the South Angeles , as if this is what it 's actually wrong in the city .
This is the South Angeles , <unk> <unk> , fast food , <unk> terrain .
Like that <unk> millions of other American Americans live in a food desert , Los Angeles , South Africa , home of food places to take and eat in the car .
The curious thing is that food places to get killed more people than food in the car .
People are dying of solitary illness in the South Angeles .
For example , the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times greater than , say , Beverly Hills , which is like 15 miles away .
I emphasize this happening .
And I wonder , how would you feel if you did n't have access to healthy food , and if every time they come out of home , you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood ?
I see lawn chairs and sold as a car used .
I see dialysis centers at dialysis centers like Starbucks .
And I consider this to stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
Food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
And I also got tired of driving 45 minutes back and forth to buy an apple that does n't have pesticides .
What I did , was plant a forest in front of my house .
In a sliver of land we call a gardening .
It 's 45 feet to me .
The point is , it belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it .
I said , `` Well , I can do what comes to me in win , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
This is how I decided to keep it .
So my group and I , L.A. Green <unk> , we put us together and we started planting our food forest , <unk> trees , you know , the nine full vegetables .
What we do , we 're a kind of paid paid group in advance of all of the backgrounds , from all the city and completely voluntary , and everything we do is free .
And the garden , was beautiful .
Then someone complained .
The city sat down to me , and in summary , they gave me a <unk> saying that I had to remove my garden , the <unk> became court .
And I said , `` Let 's go , right ?
A warrant for planting food on a piece of land on a piece of land that nobody matters ? '' So I was like , `` Well , <unk> . ''
Because this time was n't going to happen .
L.A. had the written story by Steve <unk> , and I talked to the <unk> and one of the Green Green members , who put a petition in <unk> , with 900 signatures , we were a success .
We had the victory in our hands .
My <unk> even called that supported and loved what we were doing .
I mean , let 's go , why not ?
L.A. is the city of America with more <unk> terrain .
It has 68 miles of <unk> terrain .
That 's about 20 Central Parks .
That 's enough space for planting <unk> million plants .
Why on Earth do n't you like this ?
We would take a plant to give a thousand , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars a result .
It 's my hymn , when I tell people , grow your own food .
Your own food is like printing your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for South Central .
I grew up there . Let 's get my kids out there .
I became a part of this <unk> reality that was <unk> for me by others , and I 'm going to manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
<unk> is my graffiti , I grow my art .
As a graffiti artist , that <unk> walls , I would park soils , <unk> .
I use the garden , the land , like a piece of canvas , and the plants and the trees , are my <unk> of that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what the earth can do , if you let it be your canvas .
You can simply imagine how amazing it is , and how does it affect people .
What happened ?
I witnessed how my garden became a tool of education , of my neighborhood transformation .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of the land .
We are the land .
You 'd be surprised to see how it affects kids .
<unk> is the most therapeutic act and provocative act that they can do , especially in a <unk> .
Also , you get strawberries .
I remember one occasion , which came a mother and her daughter , were like the <unk> at night and they were in my garden , and they 'd look very <unk> .
I , well , man , I felt bad that they were there , and I said , you know , you do n't have to do this .
This is in the street for a reason .
I felt shame by seeing people who were so close to me with hungry , and this only reinforces why I do this , people ask me , `` End , do n't people go to steal your food ? ''
I say , `` For God , I 'm not afraid you 're going to steal it . ''
It 's in the street .
That 's what it 's about .
I want you to take it , but again , I want you to raise your health . ''
There was another time that I put a garden in a <unk> in the Los Angeles center .
They were these guys , who helped me download the truck .
It was great , I was shared with his stories about how it affected them and how they used to plant with her mom and her grandmother , and it was great to see how this changed , so just for a moment .
So Green <unk> has come to plant maybe 20 gardens .
We 've had , like 50 people who come , work and engage , all in voluntary plan .
If kids are growing <unk> , the kids will eat <unk> .
If you raise tomatoes , you 'll eat tomatoes , but if none of this is taught , if you 're not taught how food affects your mind and body , they eat blind people in front of them .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing that they 're stuck , and I see kids of color that are in this path designed for them , which does n't take them anywhere .
With gardening , I see an opportunity where we can train these guys who were going to train these guys from their communities to have a sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
Maybe the next George Washington <unk> .
But if we do n't change the composition of the land , we will never .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant a whole block of gardens , where people can share food on the same block .
I want to bring the containers and turn them into healthy cafes .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free things , because free is not sustainable .
The curious thing about sustainability is you have to <unk> it .
What I 'm talking about is putting people out , getting the kids out of the street , who know the joy , the pride and the honor of growing their own food , opening farmers ' markets .
What I want to do here , we have to make it sexy .
I want everyone to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , gardeners of <unk> .
We need to change the script of what a <unk> is .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
You know , you 'll take them to take their <unk> ?
That 's their weapon of choice .
You know , at all , if you want to meet with me , well , if you want to see me , I 'm not called if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some crap -- to talk about doing some crap .
If you want to see me , come to the garden with your <unk> so we can plant something .
Peace . Thank you .
Thank you .
( Audience member ) You probably all agree with me in which this is a very nice road .
It 's made out of asphalt , and asphalt is a good material to drive , but not always , especially not in days like today , where it rains .
You can have a huge amount of water on asphalt that makes you come into .
And especially if you 're riding on your bike , and these cars are going on , that 's not very nice .
Also , asphalt can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we built roads , like the Netherlands , very close to cities , we wanted a silent road .
The solution for that is to make roads out of porous asphalt .
<unk> <unk> , a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands , has pores and water can pass through it , so all of the rain water will flow out sideways , and you 're going to have a road because it 's easy to drive , and you do n't drink water .
The noise also disappear in these pores .
Because it 's very hollow , all the noise disappear , so it 's a very quiet road .
It also has disadvantages , of course , and the downside of this road is that you can undo .
What 's all about ? See that in this road , the stone stones coming out .
First stone , then several more and more and more and more , and so on , and then -- well , I wo n't do that . But you can damage your windshield , and you 're not going to be happy with that .
And finally , this can also lead to more and more damage .
Sometimes you can create bump with that .
Ah , it 's ready .
<unk> , of course , that you can turn into a problem , but we have a solution .
So here you can actually see the damage of this material in this material .
It 's a porous asphalt , as I said , so it only has a little bit of <unk> between the stones .
Because of the <unk> , the ultraviolet light , to oxidation , this <unk> , this <unk> , glue between <unk> , and <unk> , and if they 're <unk> , they will be <unk> and separate from <unk> .
So if you drive along the road , you 'll take the <unk> -- as we saw here .
To solve this problem , we think of <unk> materials .
So , if we can make this material <unk> , then we probably have a solution .
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean up <unk> , and we can cut out the steel wool in tiny pieces , and we can mix those little bits with the <unk> .
So we have asphalt with little pieces of steel in it .
Then you need a machine , like what you see here , you use to cook -- a induction machine .
The induction can heat , especially steel , it 's very good at that .
So what you have to do is they heat the steel heat , melt the <unk> , the <unk> flow through these <unk> , and the stones will be activated again to the surface .
I used a microwave oven , because I ca n't bring the big induction machine here to the stage .
The microwave oven is a similar system .
I put the sample , which I 'm going to take up to see what happened .
This is the sample coming out now .
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat up the samples .
We ran lots of samples there and then the government , actually saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's really interesting . We have to try . ''
So we got a piece of road donated , 400 feet from the <unk> highway , where we had to make a lane lane to test this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing the test on the road , and then , of course , this road will last several years without any damage . That 's what we know about practice .
We took lots of samples from this road , and we test them in the lab .
We did age the samples , we put a lot of charge on them , and we put them together with our induction machine and the <unk> and we went back to them .
We can repeat this many times .
Well , to conclude , I can tell you that we 've made a material using steel fibers , bringing these fibers out , using a induction , to actually increase the lives of the road , and you can even double the lives of the road . They can even double a lot of money with very simple tricks .
And now , of course , you 're curious about this as well .
We still have the sample here . It 's pretty hot .
Actually , it 's got to cool first before you can show you how to repair it .
But I 'm going to do an attempt .
Let 's see . Yeah , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 , I remember having woken up a morning with the sound of the <unk> in my house .
My father was listening to News on his little gray radio .
I had a big smile in his face that was unusual at those times , because the news is generally <unk> .
`` The Taliban were ! ''
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see that my father was very , very happy .
`` Now you can go to a real school , '' he said .
One morning I 'll never forget .
A real school .
You see , I was six years old when the Taliban were taken from Afghanistan and they made illegal girls to go to school .
For the next five years , I was fascinated by the next five years to be contacted to my older sister who could n't be used to be used to go to a secret school .
It was the only way we could educate ourselves .
Every day , we made a different route for anybody to be suspicious where we were going .
We had to hide books on market bags to look like we were shopping .
The school was at a house , over 100 of us stuffed in a little room .
It was nice in the winter , but it was extremely hot in summer .
We all knew that we 're going to be <unk> our lives ; the teacher , the students and our parents .
At the time , the school suddenly felt a week for a week , because the hiring Taliban .
We always wondered what they knew from us .
Are they following us ?
Did you know where we live ?
We were <unk> , but still , the school was where we wanted to be .
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was <unk> and the daughters are treasure .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
A total <unk> of Afghanistan , <unk> in that her daughter , my mother , went to school , and so her father <unk> it .
But my educated mother became a teacher .
This is her .
He retired two years ago , only to convert our home to girls and women in our neighborhood .
And my father , this is the first of his family to get education .
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a higher risk in not to educate her children .
For the years of the Taliban , I remember there were moments when I was very frustrated by our life and I was always scared and I did n't see a future .
I wanted to give up , but my father said , `` <unk> , my daughter , you can lose everything you have in life .
You can steal your money . You can force yourself to leave your house for a war .
But there 's one thing that always will be with you , which is here , and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education , we 'll do it .
So you still want to do n't want to continue ? ''
Today I 'm 22 years old .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war .
Less than six percent of women in my age have more than high school , and if my family would n't have been so committed to my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I find myself proud to graduate me at <unk> College .
When I went back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , the one who was <unk> from his home for the courage to educate her daughters , was one of the first to congratulate me .
He 's not just <unk> from my college degree , but also that I was the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , and I 'm wearing it on the streets of Kabul .
My family believes in me .
I dream in big , but my family has even bigger dreams for me .
That 's why I 'm the global <unk> of <unk> , a global campaign to educate women .
It 's why I cofounded <unk> , the first one , perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country where it 's still risky for girls to go to school .
What 's exciting is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to take the opportunity .
And I see their parents and their families who , like mine , <unk> for them , despite the face of a daunting opposition .
As Ahmed . It 's not his real name , and I ca n't show you his face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
Less than a month ago , he and his daughter went on from <unk> to her village , and literally got escaped from being killed by a bomb on the way , for minutes .
When you get to your house , they 're the phone , a voice had noticed that if he kept sending her daughter out to school , they would try .
`` <unk> , if you want , '' he said , `` But not harm the future of my daughter for their old and <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've given to me from Afghanistan , and it 's something that 's often forgotten in the West , is that behind most of us who we <unk> , there 's a father who recognized the value of his daughter , and he sees that the success of her own success .
It does n't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success .
In fact , they 're often the first compelling <unk> of their daughters , but in the context of a society like Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
Under the Taliban , girls who went to school count in the hundreds -- remember , it was illegal .
But today , more than three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
So Afghanistan looks so different from here in the U.S .
I find that Americans see the fragility of the changes .
I 'm afraid these changes not last , after the retreat of American troops .
But when I go back to Afghanistan , when I look at the students in my school and their parents who were going to hang on them , I see a future <unk> and a lasting shift .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and endless possibilities , and every day , <unk> girls remember me .
Like me , they dream out of big .
Thank you .
Never , I 've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile : `` <unk> , resists Gaddafi . <unk> against him .
But you never go back a revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary . ''
It 's almost two years since the <unk> revolution inspired by the extract of massive <unk> both of the Tunisian <unk> revolution .
A forces with many other <unk> citizens , inside and outside of the country to call a day of anger and initiate a revolution against the <unk> of Gaddafi .
And we succeeded ; it was a big revolution .
Women 's young men and young men were at the cutting edge , including the fall of the regime , carrying banners freedom , dignity and social justice .
You 've shown a bravery on the face of the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi .
They have shown a great sense of solidarity from the Far East , to the west , to the south .
Finally , after a six months of brutal war , and some losses from about 50,000 dead war , we managed to liberate our country and overthrowing the tyrant .
But Gaddafi left a heavy charge , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and <unk> .
For four decades , the <unk> regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure , the culture and the moral structure of the <unk> society .
Be aware of the devastation and the challenges , I 've wanted , with many other women , rebuild civil society , <unk> a transition , inclusive , fair transition towards democracy and national reconciliation .
There were about 200 organizations in <unk> during the ground , and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi , almost 300 in <unk> .
After a period of 33 years of exile , I went back to Libya and with a single enthusiasm , I started organizing workshops on the development of capabilities , and leadership skills .
With an incredible group of women , we started the Women 's Health Initiative , by the Peace , a movement of women , leaders , to advocate for a very diverse guidance of women , and by our right of the rights of participation equal to building democracy and peace .
I found myself in a very difficult environment in the period of <unk> , an environment that was increasingly <unk> , which are <unk> from selfish and exclusion policies .
Over time , our initiative was <unk> and successful .
Women won a <unk> percent of the National Congress in the first elections in 52 years .
However , little bit , the euphoria of elections and revolution like a whole , they 're disappearing ; every day , we found news news .
One day we woke up with the news of the old mosques and graves of them .
Another day <unk> with the news of the American ambassador and the attack on <unk> .
Another day we woke up with the news of the U.S. officers of the military .
And every day , every day we woke up with the militias of militias and their full rapes of human rights violations and their lack of respect to the law .
Our society , formed by a revolutionary mindset , became more , and it 's been removed from the ideals and principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , that we had at the beginning .
intolerance , exclusion and revenge became the icons of the consequences of the revolution .
I 'm not here today to inspire them with our success history of the <unk> list .
I 'm right here today to say that we , as a nation , we chose to ask the wrong decision .
We do n't prioritize .
Because elections did n't bring peace , stability and security to Libya .
The <unk> list and the <unk> between candidates and candidate brought in national reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why is our society still polarized and dominated policies of dominance and exclusion , both for men like for women ?
Perhaps what was missing was not just women , but the women 's values of compassion , mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs national dialogue and creating consensus more than the choices needed to be , which is just <unk> and division .
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female that needs the numerical and quantitative representation of it .
We need to stop acting as an outrage , and calling days of anger .
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy .
We have to develop a female speech , not only <unk> , but also putting the mercy rather than revenge , the collaboration instead of competition , inclusion rather than exclusion .
These are the ideals that Libya , torn apart by war , desperately needs to be able to reach peace .
Because peace has a alchemy that comes to the <unk> and the <unk> between female and male perspectives .
That 's the real <unk> .
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it <unk> .
According to the <unk> Koran -- peace -- `` it 's the word of the God gracious , <unk> , compassionate . ''
At the time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known in all the <unk> traditions , has the same root in Arabic that the word `` <unk> '' -- uterus -- it 's getting feminine and motherly , which spans the humanity of the men and women , that all tribes have been <unk> .
And so , just like the uterus covers the embryo , it grows inside , the divine matrix of compassion is filled with all the existence .
That 's what we 're like , `` My mercy for all things . ''
So it goes , `` My mercy 's prevalent on my anger . ''
That all of you are going to give you the grace of mercy .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question , which has an equally disturbing answer .
It 's about the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to address is that everyone 's doing always , why is she left ?
Why was someone going to stay with a man who sticks it ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , no social worker , no expert on domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
He was 22 years old . I had just been <unk> at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and an editor in the <unk> magazine .
I had my first apartment , my first <unk> American Express , and I had a very big secret .
My secret was that many , many times , the man , that I believed my twin soul , and he wrote to my head with a gun , <unk> with bullets of <unk> .
The man , who loved anyone in this world , put a gun on my head and threatened to kill me more times I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` crazy love , '' a psychological trap , living in love , where every year millions of women fall , and even some men .
It could even be his story .
I do n't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence .
I 'm a <unk> at Harvard University at Harvard , and I have an MBA at <unk> at Business School School .
I 've spent most of my career working for the `` Fortune 500 '' list , among them Johnson & Johnson , <unk> <unk> and The Washington Post .
I 'm about 20 years married to my second husband , and we have three children .
My dog is a black <unk> and I drive an <unk> <unk> <unk> .
So my first message to you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone , all races , all the religions , all income levels and education .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women , which is a problem of women .
Not exactly .
More than 85 percent of the <unk> are men , and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate , interdependent and long-lived abuse , or , in a different way , in families , the last place where we would want , or we would expect to find violence -- for which , domestic abuse is so puzzling .
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would be left with a man who sticks it , and I actually was a very typical victim because of my age .
He was 22 years old , and in the United States , women from between 16 and 24 years old , they have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages , and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year for couples , boyfriends and abusive husbands in the United States .
I was also a typical victim , because I did n't know anything about domestic violence , his warning signals or their patterns .
I met <unk> in a cold and rainy rainy night of January .
I was sitting on my side in the subway in New York , and he started with me .
He told me two things .
The first was that he had just been taken from a university from the <unk> , and he worked on a very important bank on Wall Street .
But what struck me most impressed was that it was ready and fun , and that seemed like a field of the countryside .
He had some big <unk> like apples , and a rich wheat hair , and it seemed so sweet .
One of the smartest things that made <unk> , from the beginning , was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner .
He did it especially at the beginning of a pedestal .
We started getting out and loved everything about me : I was ready , that I had gone to Harvard , who wore passion to help girls , and my job .
I wanted to know everything about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
<unk> believed in me , as a writer and as a woman , as nobody had ever done it .
And it was why the bachelor 's at that Big school and the work on Wall Street and her bright future had so much important for him .
I did n't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is seduced and <unk> to the victim .
And I did n't know that the second step is <unk> .
Now , the last thing I wanted to do was I 'm going to go from New York and leave the work of my dreams , but I thought that I had to do sacrifices for your partner , so I accepted , I left my job and <unk> and I went together from Manhattan .
I had no idea that I was falling into a `` crazy love , '' which was entering a physical , financial trap and carefully prepared .
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts to it .
And this is where those guns come in .
As soon as we moved to New England , you know , that site where they were supposed to have to feel so secure and bought three guns .
One was in the <unk> of the car .
Another one , he kept underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket .
And he said he needed those guns because of the trauma that lived small .
I needed them to feel safe .
But those guns were actually a message to me and , even though I had never been lifted my hand , my life was already serious , every minute every day .
The first physical attack was five days before our wedding .
It 's seven in the morning and he still had the <unk> .
Five days later , when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared , I got my girlfriend suit my mother and married him .
Despite what had happened , I was sure that we lived happily forever , because I loved her , and he also wanted me a lot .
And I was very , very <unk> .
It just had a very overwhelmed by the wedding and for the fact to form a family with me .
It had been an isolated accident , and I never had to hurt me .
I spent twice as much in our honey moon .
The first time I was driving into a secret beach , and I lost it , and he gave me so hard in the head that he <unk> several times against the window of the car .
And then , a couple of days later , driving back from our honey moon , got rid of the traffic , and I got a cold Mac cold to the face .
<unk> followed by one or twice a week for the next two years and a half of our marriage .
I was wondering when I thought it was the only one in this situation .
One of three American women is a victim of domestic violence or bullying at some point in his life , and the Center for Disease Control informs that every year 15 million children are abused , 15 million .
So , actually , I had very good company .
So back to my question : Why did I stay ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know he was abusing me .
At the contrary , I was a very strong woman , in love with a deeply <unk> man , and it was the only person in the world who could help <unk> their demons .
The other question that everybody is doing is : Why do n't we just go ?
Why did n't I left ? I could have gone at any time .
For me , this is the saddest and painful question that people , because we , victims , we know something that normally you ignore : it 's incredibly dangerous to abandon a <unk> .
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is kill .
More than 70 percent of the murder of domestic violence occur after the victim has gone to the relationship , after getting out , because then the <unk> has nothing to lose .
Other implications include the permanent harassment , even after the <unk> has returned to marry , it would be performed of financial resources , and the family judicial system to <unk> the victim and their children , who are usually forced by judges to spend time without the man who <unk> their mother .
And yet we continue to ask why just do n't you ?
I was able to go , because of one last licking that beat my denial .
I realized that the man who loved , would have killed me if it was allowed .
So I broke the silence .
He told everybody : the police , my neighbors , to my friends and family , to my friends and family , <unk> , and I 'm here today because all of you .
We have the tendency to <unk> victims as spooky headlines , women <unk> , damaged goods .
The question , `` Why is it left ? ''
For some people , it 's a way to say , `` Guilt is yours to stay , '' as if the victims <unk> love love with men who want to destroy us .
But since I posted `` Quick love , '' I 've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escaped , who learned a lesson from what happened to them and they were happy and their lives and their lives , wives and mothers , completely free of violence , like mine .
Because it turns out that I 'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence survivor .
I became cute and cute , and we have those three children .
I have this <unk> , and also that <unk> .
What I 'm not going to have ever more , ever , is a <unk> gun pointing to my head on someone who says I want .
Right now , as you 're thinking , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating ! '' or `` <unk> , '' or `` <unk> , '' but all this time I 've actually been talking about you .
I assure you there are a few people , that you 're listening to right now , who are being battered , or that they 're being abused , or they 're <unk> themselves .
The abuse may be affecting her daughter , his sister , his best friend right now .
I was able to end my crazy love to break the silence .
And I keep doing this today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my last request to you .
Talk about what you 've heard here .
The abuse will only thrive in silence .
They have the power to stop domestic violence just shedding light on it .
The victims we need all over the world .
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Take the abuse to the light talking about it with your kids , their coworkers , their friends and family .
They were looking at their vision of survivors as great and lovely people , who have a full future .
We will apply the early signs of violence to intervene consciously , to slow down their climb and show the victims a safe way .
Together , we can turn our beds , our tables and our families in the absolute safe oasis that should be .
Thank you .
Hello . I call Cameron Russell , and for a while , I 'm a model .
To be precise , for 10 years .
And I feel that right now , there 's an awkward tension in the room because I should n't have dress in this way . luckily , I brought my clothes to change .
This is the first set of clothing on a TED stage ; so you have a lot of <unk> , I think .
If some of the women were horrified when I showed up , you do n't have to tell you now , but I 'll find it later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege that I can change what you think about me in just 10 seconds .
Not everybody has that opportunity .
These heels are very uncomfortable ; less bad than I do n't have to use them .
The worst part is to go through this sweater , because it 's when you 're going to laugh at me , so you do n't do anything while you cover my head .
All right .
Why did I do this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope not as much as this picture .
The appearance is powerful , but also shallow .
I 've changed totally what they thought about me in six seconds .
And in this picture , I had never had a boyfriend in real life .
He was totally awkward , and the photographer would tell me that he would turn on the back , and he would get the hair out of the kid .
Of course , with surgery , or an artificial tan , like the one I made two days ago for the work , there 's very little that we can do to transform what we look like , which , although shallow and unchanging , has a huge impact on our lives .
So today , for me , being brave means to be honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a nice , white woman , and in my workforce , that 's a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people always do me , but in a sincere way .
The first question is , how do you get to a model ?
And I always say , `` A <unk> discovered me , '' but that does n't mean anything .
The real reason I made a model is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm the <unk> of an inheritance , and maybe you 're wondering what this heritage is .
Well , in the last few centuries we have not only defined beauty as health , youth and symmetry , which we are biologically programmed to admire , we 've also associated with a high and <unk> shape , to womanhood and a white skin .
And that 's my inheritance , heritage that I 've known to take for money .
And I know that there are people in the audience who are now shown there , and maybe there are some <unk> people who say -- Hold on . There they are Naomi , <unk> , Joan <unk> , sows .
First of all , you know , so much of models . It 's amazing .
But unfortunately , I have to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student from New York University said every single one of the models on the runway , and the <unk> models , only 27 , is saying , less than four percent , they were n't white .
The next question that people always do is : Can it be a model when it 's bigger ?
And my first answer is : I do n't know .
But then , what I really would say to each of these girls is : Why ? You can be whatever you want .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a <unk> surgeon , which would be awesome , because you 're the first .
If after this spectacular list , they still insist , no , Cameron , I want to be a model , so I say , `` Oh my boss . ''
Because I 'm not in charge of anything , and you could be the CEO of American American magazine or the executive director of H & M , or the next Steven <unk> .
To say that the older you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you 're older .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a job you can choose .
I 'm going to demonstrate to you all I learned in 10 years as a model , because , unlike <unk> surgery , it can be summarized right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Unfortunately , once you 've done your studies , and you have a resume and a few jobs to your back , no matter what you say , `` If you say you want to be president of the United States , but your C.V would say , `` Model inside for 10 years , people would look weird .
The next question that people are always doing is if all the photos were <unk> .
And yes , virtually all the pictures , but that 's just a small part of what happens .
This was the first picture that took me , and also the first time I used a bikini , and I did n't even have my period yet .
I know we 're entering the personal ground , but it was a girl .
So I looked next to my grandmother a few months before .
These two pictures are the same day .
My friend came with me .
Here I am at a pajama party a few days before the French <unk> .
Here I am with my football team and in the V magazine .
And this is me today .
And I hope you realize that I 'm not me in those pictures .
These are creations of a group of professionals , <unk> , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all of their <unk> and <unk> people , and they get to create this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people are always doing is : Do you have free things ?
I have too much heels of 20 inches , and I never use , except the couple before , but the privilege I get are I get in real life , and we do n't like to talk .
I grew up in Cambridge , and once I went to a store and I forgot to bring money , and they gave me the white dress .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a bad driver , and then , of course , they stood up in a red light , and , of course , they stood up , and it took a sorry , agent to keep driving .
I love this privilege for myself , not for what I am , and there are people who are paying a price for what they look like , no matter who they are .
I live in New York , and last year , of the teenagers , the teenagers who were set up , and <unk> , 86 percent were black and Latino were , and most of them were young men .
And there 's only <unk> young black and Latino men in New York , so for them , it 's not a question of <unk> ?
But how many of the time would I get bored ? And when ?
When we investigate for this talk , I found out that about 53 percent of <unk> girls in the United States do n't like their body , and that number goes up to 78 percent to 17 .
So , the last question that people ask me is , `` What is the life of a model ? ''
And I think the answer that you 're expecting is : If you 're a little thinner , and you have the brightest hair , you 'll feel very happy and awesome .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that maybe like that .
We say , it 's really wonderful to travel , and also incredible to work with creative and creative people .
And all of that is true , but it 's just a part of what happens , because what we never say in front of the cameras , what I 've never said in front of them is : I 'm insecure .
And I 'm because I have to worry about me every day .
And if you ever ask : With some thinner legs and the brightest hair , will be happier ?
You just have to meet with a group of models , because they have the thinner legs , the brightest , the brightest hair , but probably be the <unk> women of the planet .
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial oppression , when I am one of the biggest <unk> .
If there 's something that we retain of this talk , I hope that everybody will feel more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image in perception that we have of success and failure .
Thank you .
Photography has been my passion since I was so much enough to attach a camera , but today I want to share with you my 15 , most precious pictures , and I did n't have me who got it .
There were no artistic directors , no opportunity , no opportunity to repeat the photos , not even a very careful amount of care on lighting .
In fact , most of them took them to random tourists .
My story begins when I was born in New York City to give a lecture , my wife pulled me this picture , holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday -- that 's the corner of 57 and five .
And he took the chance that we went back to New York just a year later , so we decided to take the same picture .
Well , you can imagine what comes right now .
So , when the third birthday of my daughter , my wife said to me , `` Why do n't you take you back to New York on a <unk> journey and keep the ritual ? ''
Here 's when we started asking the tourists that were going to get us out of the picture .
It 's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal .
Never no one has been denied , and fortunately , no one has ever dealt with the camera .
So we were n't aware of how much the life would change this journey .
It became something sacred for us .
This picture is a few weeks after the <unk> , and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day as a five-year-old child could understand it .
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey .
They 're also a way to stop time in a week in October , and to make us think about our age and our evolution over the years , not only physical , but in all the senses .
Because , even though we have the same picture , our perspective changes , my daughter reach new milestones , and I can see life through your eyes and how it looks and interact with everything .
That particular time we spend together is something that we expect with illusion all over year .
Recently , in one of the trips , we were walking around , when suddenly , he stopped in dry and pointed out a red <unk> of the dolls of dolls that I loved in the previous visits .
And he described to me what felt about five years of foot in that same place .
He claimed that he remembered his heart <unk> , and he 's going to see that place for the first time nine years ago .
And now what he looks at in New York is universities , because it 's determined to study in New York .
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create is memories .
So , I want to share the idea of engaging in conscious creation of memories .
I do n't know about you , but apart from these 15 pictures , I do n't go out in many of the familiar pictures .
I 'm always the one that takes the picture .
I want to encourage you all to come up in the picture , and you do n't want to get closer to somebody and ask them , `` Do you get a picture ? ''
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
<unk> are found in the most threatened birds .
First , why do they have so bad press ?
It 's also associated with Disney laughs as a <unk> , stupid characters .
More recently , if you 've been following the press , there 's laughter , applause and <unk> these are the attributes that they associate with the Kenyan Parliament , but I do n't accept it .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because members of Parliament do n't keep the environment clean , <unk> do n't help prevent the spread of disease .
They are hardly monogamous . They 're far away from extinct . And , my favorite , the <unk> have better presence . There are two types of <unk> on this planet .
There 's the <unk> of the New World who are mainly found in the Americas , like the <unk> and the <unk> , and the Old World <unk> , where we have 16 species . From these 16 , 11 face high risk .
So , why are those important ? First of all , they provide vital ecological services .
It 's our gatherers of natural trash .
We cut dead bodies down to bone .
They help kill all bacteria , they help absorb the anthrax that it would not be by them would spread and caused huge losses to livestock and disease in other animals .
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there 's no <unk> , the dead bodies take three to four times more time in `` broken , '' and this has huge branches in the spread of disease .
<unk> also have huge historical importance .
They 've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture .
<unk> was the symbol of the protector and the maternity and , along with the king cobra , <unk> the unit between the Stop and under Egypt .
In the Indian mythology , <unk> was the god <unk> , and he risked his life to save the <unk> goddess of the devil of 10 <unk> heads .
In <unk> culture , they 're engaged in the open burials , and in places like Tibet , there is no place to bury the dead , or wood to <unk> , so these <unk> provide a natural disposal system .
What 's the problem with <unk> ?
We have eight species of <unk> in Kenya , which six are in the endangered rate of extinction .
The reason is , they 're being poisoned , and the reason you 're being poisoned is because there 's conflicts between humans and wildlife , the <unk> communities use this poison against predators , and as a consequence , the <unk> are victims of this .
In southern Asia , in countries like India and Pakistan , four species of <unk> are on the critical critical list of extinction , which means that in less than 10 or 15 years ago , and the reason is because they fall prey out of livestock consumption that has been treated with a drug called <unk> .
This drug has been banned for veterinarian in India and have taken a position .
Since there 's no <unk> , there 's been a spread in the number of dogs on the street in landfill , and when you have dogs on the street , you have a huge amount of time for anger , the number of anger that anger has increased enormously in India .
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> are going to be above the Lake Turkana .
I 'm not against wind energy , but we have to work with governments , because the wind turbines do this to birds , they cut them in half .
These are <unk> .
In Western Africa , there 's a horrible trade of <unk> dead to serve <unk> and the <unk> market .
So what is it doing ? Well , we 're researching these birds . We 're <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine its basic ecology , and see where they go .
We can see that they travel through different countries , so to focus on an locally problem is not going to do anything .
We have to work with governments on regional levels .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about them about appreciating the <unk> , about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide .
How can you help ? It can become active , make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you , we have to focus on these very <unk> creatures , and you 've got your time to spread the word .
When you get out of this room , you will tell you about the <unk> , but talk to their families , with their children , with their neighbors on the <unk> .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said that he changed their opinion because he saw them fly without effort , no energy spending in the heavens .
Kenya , this world , will be much more poor without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Every single thing I make and everything that I do professionally -- my life -- has been molded by seven years of work during my youth in Africa .
From 1971 to 1977 , <unk> young , but I 'm no longer . I worked in Zambia , Kenya , Cote d'Ivoire , Algeria and Somalia , in technical cooperation projects .
I worked for an Italian NGO , and every project that we set up in Africa failed .
And I was disturbed .
I thought , at the 21 , that Italians were good people , and we were doing a good job in Africa .
Instead , everything we were playing on .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> of <unk> , '' it was a project where a Italians decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food .
So we got with seeds in the south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down into the <unk> River , and we teach the local tomatoes to grow Italian and <unk> tomatoes and ...
Of course , people were not at all interested in doing that , so they were going to tell them to come to work , and sometimes , they did n't get to come . We were amazed that the local , in such fertile valley , they had no agriculture .
However , instead of asking them how it could be possible that we did n't hear anything , we just said , `` Thank God we 're here . '' `` Just at time to save the people in Zambia of famine . ''
And of course , everything in Africa was grown beautifully .
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy , a tomato would grow to this size . In Zambia , this size .
And we could n't believe it , we were telling them , `` Look what easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were cute , mature and red , at night at night to the morning , about 200 <unk> came from the river and ate everything . And we said to the <unk> , `` Oh my God , the <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yes , we do n't have agriculture here . '' `` Why did n't they say ? '' `` You never asked . ''
I thought only the Italians commit mistakes in Africa , but then I saw what the Americans did , what the British did , what the British did , and then to see what they were doing , I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia .
Because , as you see , at least we feed <unk> .
Let 's look at the waste -- let 's see the waste that we would give you the people in Africa .
He wants to read a book , read `` Help me '' from <unk> <unk> , economist <unk> .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , Western donors , we 've given the continent African two million dollars in the last 50 years .
Do n't tell you about damage that that money has caused .
Just read your book .
<unk> from an African woman , the damage we 've done .
Westerners are imperialists , Mormon Mormon , and we treat people just in two ways , or we 're sponsor , or we are <unk> .
The two words come from the Latin root `` <unk> , '' which means `` father . ''
However , they mean two different things .
<unk> , I deal with anyone in a different culture as if they were my kids , `` I want a lot . ''
<unk> , I deal with all of a different culture as if they were my servants .
So white people in Africa are called `` <unk> , '' boss .
That book gave me a slap in the face . `` The small thing is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said about economic development , if people do n't want to be helped , <unk> alone .
This should be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is to respect .
This morning , the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the floor and said , `` Can you -- you can imagine a city that 's not <unk> ? ''
I decided 27 years only to respond to people , and I invented a system called <unk> <unk> , where you never start anything , you 'd never motivates anyone , but it becomes a <unk> guy , the guy in the local passion who have the dream to become a better person .
So what do you do ? It <unk> .
It never gets to a community with an idea , and they sit with the people in the locality .
We do n't work from offices .
We met in a cafe . We met in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we found out what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is passion .
You can give you an idea to somebody .
If that person does n't want to do that , what 's going to do you ?
The passion for her own growth is the most important thing .
The passion that that man has to get personal growth is the most important thing .
And then , we help them find knowledge , because nobody in the world can succeed only .
The person with the idea can not have knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So years and years ago , I had this idea : Why not we , for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do , why not , for once , we heard them , but not in community meetings .
I 'll tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
<unk> entrepreneurs , and they will never tell you , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , which opportunity have identified .
So planning has this blind point .
The smartest people in their community , you do n't even know it , because they do n't take it to their public meetings .
What do we do ? We worked one to one , and we work face-to-face , you have to create a social infrastructure , which is n't .
You must create a new profession .
The profession is the family 's family physician , the family physician doctor , who sets up with you in your house , at the table of your kitchen , in coffee , and it helps him to find the resources to transform his passion in a way of making a living .
I started this as a test in <unk> , the city of West Australia .
I was doing a doctorate in that time , trying to get away from this patronizing , patronizing we 're going to tell you what to do .
In one year , I had 27 projects , and the government came to me to see , `` How can you do that ? ''
How can it do that ? '' And I said , `` I did something very , very , very hard .
I shut down , and I heard the government says , `` Do it again . '' We 've done it in 300 communities in the world .
We 've helped start 40,000 businesses .
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the greatest business advisors business , died at '96 , a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a professor of philosophy before they engage in business , and this is what Peter <unk> says , `` planning is actually incompatible with a society and a innovative company economy . ''
The planning is the kiss of the corporate spirit .
So now I 'm going to try to <unk> Christchurch without knowing what the most <unk> people want to do with their own money and their own energy .
You have to learn how to get these people to come up with you .
You have to offer you for you , privacy , it has to be fantastic to help you , and then <unk> , will come in mass .
In a community of 10,000 people , we get 200 clients .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
What do you show up . Have you put this morning ?
<unk> local people . That 's what you 've been doing .
So what I 'm telling you is that entrepreneurship is where it is .
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution : <unk> fossil fossil , manufacturing -- and one moment to another , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
<unk> as a way to sustain machinery is not sustainable .
What we have to consider , is how we do it , we cure , we govern , transport , communicate to seven billion people , in a sustainable way .
There are no technologies to do it .
Who 's going to invent the technology for the green revolution ? Universities ? Forget it !
The government ? Forget it !
They 'll be the entrepreneurs and they 're doing it now .
There 's an adorable story that 's in a futuristic magazine many , many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the manufacturing year .
And in the 1920s , they met this group of people , and it 's about what would happen to New York City in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York City would n't exist in 100 years .
Why ? Because they looked at the curve and pointed , if the population keeps growing up to this rate , to move to the population of New York around , <unk> six million horses , and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address .
They were already <unk> in dung . So , in manufacturing , they were <unk> this dirty technology that we will put in New York City .
So what happens ? In the next 40 years , in 1900 , in the United States , they were <unk> auto companies , <unk> .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely <unk> , and there were very few , <unk> , factories in <unk> places .
<unk> , Michigan . Henry Ford .
But there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First , you have to offer you guys .
Otherwise , they wo n't come with you .
Then you have to offer you an absolute , dedicated service .
And then , later , you 'll have to tell you the truth with this to begin with .
The youngest company , the biggest company , has to be able to do three <unk> things : the product you want to sell has to be fantastic , you have to count with a fantastic marketing , and you have to count on a great financial administration .
You know what ?
We have never met a single human being in the world that can do , sell and search for money alone .
It does n't exist .
This is not yet born .
We 've looked at the research and looked at the 100 icons of the Carnegie world , Westinghouse , Edison , Ford , all new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There 's only one thing that all successful business companies in the world have in common , just one : no one was started by one person .
Never the word `` me '' is never the word `` us '' but the word `` us '' -- 32 times .
He was n't just when he started .
Nobody starts one company alone . No one .
So , we can create the community where we have facilitators , who come from a small business environment sitting in coffee shops in bars , in bars along their future generations who will do for you , what someone did for this gentleman who 's talking about this <unk> , somebody who 's going to ask you , what needs you ?
What can you do ? Can you do that ?
Well , can you sell ? You can sell your money ? ''
`` Oh , no , I ca n't do that . '' `` I want you to look for somebody ? ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
The people around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all the neighbors , so we do n't exchange a lot of knowledge in spite of sharing the same public spaces .
In the last few years I 've been trying to share more with my neighbors in the public space , with simple tools as <unk> , templates and chalk .
These projects came from questions like , how much pay my neighbors for their apartments ?
How can we pay and borrow more things without calling the door to a bad time ?
How do we share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape better ?
How do we share more our hopes to empty shops so that our communities can reflect today our needs and dreams ?
I live in New Orleans and I 'm in love with New Orleans .
My soul always encounter relief with the giant <unk> that give them shadow , <unk> and <unk> for centuries and I trust a city .
There 's a parade in New Orleans , there 's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architectures in the world , but also one with the largest abandoned body of abandoned America .
I live near this house , and I thought how it could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood , and also something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost somebody who loved .
It was Joan , as a mother for me .
His death was sudden and unexpected .
I thought a lot about death .
And this was a profound gratitude for the living time and a profound gratitude .
It gave the significant thing about my life today .
But let 's try to keep this look in my everyday life .
It seems to me that it 's easy to let you go through the day and forget the really important thing for you .
So with the help of old and new friends , I transformed the wall of this abandoned house on a giant blackboard , and he painted on her sentence phrases , `` Before I die I want ... ''
So smiling could take a chalk , reflect on their lives and sharing personal aspirations in the public space .
I did n't know what to expect from this experiment , but the next day the wall was filled with it , and he was still <unk> .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
Before I die , I want to be on court for piracy , '' `` Before I die , I want to sit on the line of date . ''
`` Before I die I want to sing for millions of people . ''
`` Before I die I want to plant a tree . ''
`` Before I die I want to live outside the Web . ''
`` Before I die , I want to get more and more . ''
`` Before I die I want to go to somebody 's rescue . ''
`` Before I die , I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive and dreams and hope of people made me laugh at laughter , <unk> me , and they gave me comfort at hard times .
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone . It 's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and <unk> , and it 's about empowering the reflection and contemplation , and of remembering what 's most important to us as we grow and change .
This happened last year , and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community .
So with my colleagues at the civic center , we made a kit and now have been made walls in countries around the world , like Kazakhstan , South Africa , Australia , Argentina and beyond .
Together we proved the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to express ourselves and share each other .
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people .
In our era of <unk> distraction , it 's more important than ever , finding ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is short and delicate .
Death is something that we often avoid talking about , or even thinking , but I understood that ready to prepare for death is one of those things that will be more empowered .
You think of death <unk> our life .
Our shared spaces can reflect better what we care as individuals and community and more media to share hopes , fears and stories , the people around us ca n't only help improve places , can help improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
I have a single request .
Please tell me , do n't tell me I 'm normal .
Now I 'd like to introduce you to my siblings .
<unk> is 22 , it 's high and very hot .
He does n't talk , but it brings joy better than some of the best speakers .
<unk> knows what love is .
It 's unconditionally shared what happened .
It 's not <unk> . It does n't look at color 's color .
It does n't care about religious differences and notice about this : never lied .
When we sing our childhood songs , trying to tell me the words that I ca n't even remind me , it reminds me of one thing : how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown .
Samuel 's 16 . It 's high . He 's very hot .
It has the most pristine memory .
However , it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if I stole my <unk> , but it reminds me of the year that she came out each of the songs of my iPod , conversations that we kept when I was four , <unk> in my arm during the first episode of <unk> and Lady Gaga birthday .
Do n't you think about them amazing ?
But most people disagree with it .
And in fact , because your minds do n't fit into the concept of normal society , they 're often ignored and <unk> .
But what propelled my heart and <unk> my soul was that even if that was the case , even though you would n't consider them in the ordinary , that could only mean one thing : they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary .
Now , for those less familiar with the term `` autism , '' is a complex brain disorder that affects social media , learning and sometimes physical skills .
In each individual , it manifests itself in a different way , from there that I 'll be so different from Sam .
And all over the world , every 20 minutes , we 're diagnosed with a new case of autism , and even though it 's one of the developing disorders that fast increases in the world , there is no cause or known cure .
I do n't agree with my first encounter with autism , but I do n't remember one day without him .
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited to have a new self to be in my life .
When a few months ago , I realized that he was different .
It 's a lot .
I did n't want to play like the other babies , and in fact , it did n't seem very interested in me at all .
He lived alive and made it out in his own world , with his own rules , and I found pleasure in the smallest things , like putting cars in a row around the room , looking at the washing machine and eating anything it would have amongst each other .
As I grew up , it became more different , and the differences were made more apparent .
But beyond salt , and frustration and hyperactivity , there was something really unique : a pure , innocent nature , a child who sees the world without prejudice , a human being I had never lied .
Extraordinary .
I ca n't deny that there have been some tough moments in my family , and I 'm going to have a chance that they were just just like me .
But I look back at the things that have been taught me about individuality , communication and love , and I realize that they are things that I would n't want to change by normal .
Now , normally happens to the beauty that give us the differences , and the fact of being different does n't mean that any of you are wrong .
It just means that there 's a different view of what is right .
If I could get one thing to <unk> and Sam and you , it would be that you do n't have to be normal .
They can be remarkable .
Because autistic or no , the differences that we have -- they 're a gift , and each of us has a gift inside and honestly , the pursuit of normality is the ultimate sacrifice of the potential .
The opportunity for greatness , progress and change in the moment where we 're trying to be as others .
Please say , do n't tell me I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit what must have been Alice in the Country of the Wonders of the Wonders .
Penn State asked me , a communications teacher , to give a communication teacher .
He was scared . It was really scared . <unk> from these students with their great minds , their great books and their great and unknown words .
But in the middle of those conversations , I felt what Alice must have felt like when she fell through the taxi of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world .
Just as I felt when I had those conversations with the students , I was surprised , the ideas they had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world .
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication .
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers to change the world .
Our scientists and engineers are the ones who are attacking our larger challenges , from energy to medium and health care and health care , and if we do n't know about this , the work is n't done , and I think it 's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions .
But these big conversations can not happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , please , <unk> with <unk> .
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure we can see that their science is sexy and that their engineering is attractive .
First question to ask you , what ?
It 's why science is relevant to us .
You do n't tell us just that they study the <unk> , but study the <unk> , which are the mesh structure of our bones , because it 's important to understand and treat osteoporosis .
And when they 're describing their science , care with the jargon .
The jargon is an obstacle to our understanding of their ideas .
Sure , you can say `` spatial and temporary , '' but why do n't you say `` space and time '' that 's much more accessible to us ?
<unk> <unk> is not the same as dumb .
Instead , as Einstein said , that everything is as simple as possible , but not simple .
They can clearly communicate their science without engaging the ideas .
Something to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies , and they 're ways to hook and engage with their content .
And by presenting his work , forget about the `` bullet '' signs .
You 've been wondering why they 're called `` bullets '' ? What do the bullets do ? <unk> kill , and killed their presentation .
A <unk> like this is not only boring , but it supports too much in the area of the language of our brains and engulfs .
Instead , this <unk> example of <unk> Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of <unk> is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple phrase , legible , that the public can understand if you lose a little bit , and then you provide graphs that will be attached to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what 's described .
I think these are just some key points that can help others open the door and look at the country of wonders that is science and engineering .
And so scientists and engineers , when you 've solved this equation , all the media , <unk> with <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words from the Oxford Oxford OED is `` <unk> . ''
Just because it sounds very well .
And `` <unk> '' means `` dishonest politician . ''
Although there was a <unk> editor of the 19th century that defined it much better when he said , `` A <unk> is that for a public charge no matter , platform or principle , and , when you win , you get it for just the mere use of a monumental <unk> . ''
I have no idea what it means `` <unk> . ''
Something to do with the words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are the basis in politics , and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate the language .
It was n't until , for example , let 's argue that the British Parliament allowed the newspapers to quote up the exact words that were said on the parliamentary chamber .
And all of this was thanks to the courage of a freak in the name of <unk> <unk> , who faced Parliament .
He put him in the London Tower , and he was incarcerated , but he had enough courage to deal with them , and ultimately he had a popular support in London that won .
And only a few years later , we had the first use of the <unk> sentence , like this <unk> .
Most people think it 's literal .
It 's not . It 's a freedom advocate .
But to show you really how words and politics interact , I want you to go back to America , just after independence .
So , they had to address the question of how to call George Washington , his leader .
They did n't know .
How do you call the leader of a Republican country ?
This is been shown in Congress for a long time .
They introduced all kinds of suggestions that they could have <unk> .
Some of them wanted to call him `` Chief of State , Washington , '' and others , `` Their <unk> George Washington , '' and other people `` <unk> of the U.S. People 's People . ''
They 're not very appealing .
Some of them simply wanted to call him `` King . ''
They thought it was a quality of quality .
And not even with it was <unk> , they had the idea that you could be chosen by King by a certain deadline .
And it could have served .
All the world got tired , because this debate was happening for three weeks .
I read the day of a <unk> Senator , and I always wrote , `` Even with this subject . ''
Which caused the delay and the <unk> was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate .
The House of Representatives did n't want to be Washington to be empowered .
They did n't want to call him King as if he did to him or her successor to her ideas .
So , they wanted to give the most modest , more insignificant and more unfortunate title that came up with it .
And that title was `` President . ''
President . I did n't invent the title . There was only before , but it just meant `` somebody who 's going to take a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And I did n't have much more <unk> than the term `` foreman '' or `` <unk> . ''
There were <unk> presidents of small colonial <unk> and fractions of government , but it was really a insignificant title .
And that 's why the Senate was suspended .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call it President . ''
`` This guy has to sign treaties and meet <unk> . ''
`` And who will be serious with a title as ridiculous and insignificant as the President of America ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate not gave .
We can learn three interesting things about this .
First of all , and this is my favorite to where I 've been able to figure out , the Senate has never been used by the degree of President .
President Barack Obama is lucky to keep there , waiting for the Senate between action .
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary -- it 's possible to keep waiting for <unk> years .
But the third thing we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and that 's what I want to leave you with , is that the President of the United States does n't sound so modest today , right ?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads available , the largest economy of the world and an fleet of unmanned air vehicles and so on .
The reality and history have Michael <unk> 's degree .
So the Senate won the Senate .
They got their title of <unk> .
And also the other concern of the Senate , the appearance of uniqueness -- well , it was a singularity .
But do you know how many nations have a president ?
And it 's all because they want to sound like the kind of 5,000 nuclear heads and so on .
So in the end , the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost , because nobody 's going to feel humble when you tell them that they 're now President of the United States .
And I think that 's the great lesson that we can learn , and that I 'd like to leave you with .
The politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality , but actually , reality changes a lot more the words that these could change reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 to meters underground in an illegal mine from Ghana .
The air is loaded with dust and dust , and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of <unk> bodies in the dark , but I ca n't see much more .
I hear voices that speak , but most of all , that cacophony of <unk> males and stones with primitive tools .
As the others , I wear a cheap lamp of light attached to the head with this elastic rubber rubber band , and I can barely tell the <unk> of that hole that will hold the walls of that hole in a subway that falls hundreds of meters on the ground .
I 'm going to break my hand and suddenly remember a miner that I met days before , who lost control and dropped countless feet in that well .
As I talk to you today , these guys are in the depths of that hole without paying a reward , and often dying .
I walked out of that hole and went home , but they probably never will , because they 're prey to slavery .
In the last 28 years I was documenting native cultures in over 70 continents in six continents , and in 2009 , I had the great honor of being the only <unk> on the London Peace Summit .
Among all the incredible people I met there , I met a bit of <unk> the <unk> , an NGO that 's dedicated to eradicating modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery and , really , I started learning about slavery because I knew it exists in the world , but not as a degree .
When we finished talking to me , I honestly was embarrassed to ignore this atrocity of our days , and I thought , if I do n't , how many people do n't know ?
It became a stomach , and , weeks later , I flew in Los Angeles to meet the director of the <unk> , and offer my help .
It started my journey to modern slavery .
Interestingly , it had been in many of these sites .
A few , even , I considered them my second home .
But this time , let 's get rid of dirty rags .
A conservative calculation says that there are more than 27 million people in the world .
It 's twice the number of African displaced as many of all of the displaced slaves .
150 years ago , the cost of a slave slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker .
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today .
But today , today , we can enslave entire families for generations to stop 18 dollars .
Amazingly , slavery generates over $ 13 billion dollars a year around the world .
Many have been fooled with false education promises and better work to then discover that they are obliged to work without paying , under threat of violence , and they ca n't escape .
Today slavery is operating in trade : goods produced by slaves have value , but those who produce them are disposable .
slavery exists in almost everybody , and yet it 's illegal around the world .
In India and Nepal , I met the brick furnaces .
This bizarre , amazing show was like entering the old Egypt , or eyewitness .
It 's <unk> at a temperature of 54 C , men , women , children , in fact , whole families <unk> in a heavy <unk> stack of bricks in their heads , until 18 at the time , to 18 at the time , and they take them from the hot hot furnaces to trucks that are at hundreds of feet .
<unk> by monotony and tiredness works silent , doing this task again and again for 16 hours a day .
There was no breaks to eat , not to drink , and a severe <unk> made that pee was quite inconsequential .
So they were a heat and the dust that my camera became too hot , and he stopped working .
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning and , sitting there , thinking , my camera gets a lot better than these people .
Back in the furnaces I wanted to cry , but the <unk> I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said , `` Lisa , do n't do it . Do n't do it here . ''
And it explained to me very clearly that to prove emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not only for me but for them .
I could n't offer a direct help .
I could n't give you money , nothing .
I was not citizenship from that country .
I could put them in a situation worse than they were already .
I had to rely on <unk> the <unk> and working inside the system for his release and she trusted him .
In terms of me , I waited to get home to feel my shattered heart .
In the Himalayas , I found kids carrying rocks for miles by mountain land to trucks that were waiting down .
Those big <unk> were more heavy than the kids who load them and the kids holding them into their heads with homemade <unk> , ropes and rags .
It 's hard to witness something so overwhelming .
How can we influence something as insidious , but so ubiquitous ?
Some people do n't even know that they 're slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day without <unk> , because this has been like this whole life .
They have nothing to compare to it .
When these villagers <unk> their freedom , the <unk> burned completely their houses .
When you hear the word slavery often we think about sexual trafficking , and because of this global conscience they warned me that it would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business .
In Kathmandu , I was told by women who had been previously known as sexual slaves .
I was driving out of a few <unk> stairs that were given to this dirty basement , fluorescent light .
It was n't exactly a brothel .
It was pretty much a restaurant .
<unk> , as it 's known in the craft , are local for forced prostitution .
They have small , private rooms , where the sexual slaves had their girls and children , some of that only seven -- they 're forced to entertain the customers and they 're able to buy more food and alcohol .
Each is dark and dirty , identified by a number that 's painted on the wall and divided by a <unk> and a curtain .
The workers often suffer sexual abuse for their clients .
On the dusk , I remember making sense of acute hot fear , and in that instant , I could barely imagine what 's going to be stuck in that hell .
I just had a way out -- the stairs where I walked into .
There were no back doors .
There were no big enough to climb up .
Those people do n't have <unk> and , because we touch a very difficult topic , it 's important to point out that slavery , even sexual trafficking , is happening all around us .
There are hundreds of people living in agriculture , in restaurants , in the domestic service and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 children are sold every year as sex slaves .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
The textiles are another activity that often relate to the slave labor .
I went to Indian villages where there were whole families <unk> in the trade of silk .
This is a portrait of family .
The <unk> of black hands are the father , the <unk> of blue and red , of his children .
<unk> <unk> in these big barrels and underwater silk in the liquid to <unk> , but that 's toxic .
My performer told me his stories .
`` We do n't have freedom , '' they said .
`` We still expect , however , be able to get out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay for our work . ''
It 's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children to go into Lake Volta , the largest artificial lake in the world .
When we arrived , I went to a quick look .
I saw what seemed to be a victim of fishermen on a boat , two older brothers , some younger kids , make sense ?
Wrong . They were all slaves .
Children are separated from their trafficked families , missing and forced to work extensive <unk> on the lake , despite not knowing swimming .
This child is eight years old .
When our boat came up to him was shaking , he was shaking that his little canoe were <unk> .
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling water .
The branches of the trees plunged into the trees , Volta often will catch networks and children , <unk> and fear , gets thrown into the water to unleash the branches .
Many are drowned .
Since remember , it 's always been forced to work on the lake .
In fear of her love is not going to flee and , as a whole life has been treated with cruelty , they <unk> the slaves younger under their command .
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning , when they woke up the last networks , but they 'd been working from the one .
It 's in the cold and windy night .
And it 's going to point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they 're loaded with fish .
I want to introduce you to Kofi .
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village .
I met him in a shelter where he <unk> the <unk> of slavery .
Kofi symbolizes is possible .
Who 's got to be because someone decided to make a difference in their life ?
He went through a road in Ghana with a partner in Ghana with <unk> the <unk> , a <unk> partner with his bike and <unk> our car and played the window .
He asked us to take it through a path of land to the forest .
At the end of the way , we were able to get out of the car , and he asked the driver to come out quickly .
Then he pointed out this pathway , barely visible and said , `` This is the way , this is the road . Come on . ''
As we started to go down , we removed the <unk> that went down and after walking near an hour , what we found that the path was taken away by the recent rains rain , so I put the photos on my head as I 'd put it in these waters to the chest .
After two hours on walk , the <unk> path ended up abruptly in a clear , and we had a mass of holes that could fit into a football field , and they were all full of workers to join .
A lot of women had children strapped onto their back , and as they were looking for gold , they walked in the waters poison with mercury .
<unk> is used in the process of extraction .
These miners are enslaved in a well part of Ghana .
When they came out of the pump , they were on his own sweat .
I remember watching his eyes tired , <unk> , because many had been underground for 72 hours .
The pits have got to 90 feet , and these people have had heavy heavy bags of stone that will then be transported to another area where they were able to get the stone to extract the gold .
On the first view , the site seems to be full of strong men and <unk> , but if we look closer , we see at the margin , we see other fewer and also kids .
They 're all victims and disease and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely that this <unk> will end up as this victim of tuberculosis and <unk> of mercury in a few years .
This is <unk> . When his father died he took him to work with him in the mines .
By dying their uncle , we had <unk> the debt of the uncle as the force to be slave in the mines .
When I met him , I 'd worked in the 14 years , and the leg injury you see here is a product of an accident in the mine , so serious that the doctors said it should be .
In addition to that , <unk> has T.B. , and nevertheless , it 's forced to work night and day in that mine .
Still , he dreams to be liberated and educated with local activists like <unk> the <unk> , and it 's this kind of determination , of face to a remote possibility , which makes me a lot of respect .
I want to drop light on slavery .
They knew that their images would be seen by you all over the world .
I wanted you to know that we 'll give witness to them , and we 're going to help change their lives .
I truly believe that if we can see each other as human beings , then it 's very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery .
These images are not from magazines . They 're from people , real people , like you and like me , deserve the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
There is no day that I do n't think about these so many beautiful , battered people that I 've had the great honor of knowing .
I hope these images have a force in which you see them , in people like you , and I hope that that force lights up a fire and that fire <unk> light on slavery because , without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows .
Thank you very much .
I do this mathematical math and there 's a peculiar problem for anyone who does : we are like management consultants .
Nobody knows what the hell we do .
So I 'm going to try and try and explain to you what I do .
dance is one of the most human activities .
We were going to get rid of the ballet <unk> and the <unk> dancers that we 'll see later on .
But demand demands an extraordinary degree of training , a high level of dexterity , and probably some initial fitness that can well have a genetic component .
Unfortunately , neurological disorders like Parkinson 's disease , destroy this extraordinary skill , as it does with my <unk> Jan <unk> that , at his time , was a virtuous dancing dancer .
In the last few years , it has been increasing progress .
However , there are <unk> millions of people in the world who are sick and have to deal with an incurable weakness , tremor , stiffness and other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way , and ultimately the only way we 're going to know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective metric and <unk> .
But it 's frustrating that for Parkinson 's and other disorders of the movement there are no biological <unk> , so they do n't do blood analysis , and the best thing we have is a neurologic scan of 20 minutes .
You have to go to a clinic , it 's very , very expensive , and that means that , outside of clinical trials , they never do . It has never been done .
And what if patients could do it at home ?
That would save a trip to the clinic , what if patients could get the test themselves ?
I would n't need to be personal .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic .
So what I want to do with you as a conventional way to try , you see , in some sense at least , we 're all <unk> like my Jan <unk> friend .
This is a video of the vibration of vocal chords .
It shows someone healthy as it emits sounds to speak . We can imagine as dancers from a vocal ballet , because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds , and we all have the genes needed . The <unk> , for example .
And like ballet , it requires an extraordinary training level .
Let 's think about time that leads to a child to learn to speak .
From the sound , we can track the position of vocal chords as vibrate , and as the Parkinson 's affects the limbs , it also affects the vocal organs .
On the bottom , you can see an example of <unk> <unk> of vocal chords .
We see the same symptoms .
They shake vocal and weakness and stiffness .
The speech becomes more quiet and <unk> after a while , and this is an example of the symptoms .
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with the specialized clinical trials ? Well , they 're both invasive .
The neurologic test is not invasive . Both are the existing infrastructure .
You do n't need to design a whole bunch of hospitals to make them .
They 're both precise . Okay , but also the <unk> tests are not specialized .
I mean , they can be <unk> .
They do very quickly , and they 're about 30 seconds as a lot .
They 're very minimal , and we all know what happens .
When something takes a cost of low cost , it comes in massive scale .
These are some incredible lists to address .
We can reduce our patients ' problems .
I would n't need to go to the clinic for the <unk> check .
With high frequency monitoring , we could get goals .
We could do recruiting massive recruitment for clinical trials , and for the first time , large-scale doable doable .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers of the disease before it 's too late .
So , by giving the first steps today in that sense , we 're launching the Parkinson 's disease Initiative .
Together with <unk> and <unk> , we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and begin to address these goals .
We have specialized <unk> lines for 750 million people in the world .
Anyone , with no Parkinson 's , can call at the price and leave recordings for a few cents , and I 'm pleased to announce that we 've reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So Max , taking all of these samples from , say 10,000 people , can be able to say who 's healthy and who is n't ?
What are you going to come from these samples ?
Max Little : Yeah , yeah . What 's going on is that during the call , you have to indicate whether or not you have the disease . TR : Sure .
<unk> : You see , some people can not pass it . You may not end it .
But we 're going to get a very large sample of data going on in different circumstances , and to do it in different circumstances is important because we 're looking for <unk> factors for the real <unk> of the disease .
TR : Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now ?
<unk> : A lot more than that .
Actually , my <unk> student , I have to <unk> , has done a fantastic job , and now it has shown that it works on mobile phone network , too , what we 're going to do . We have 99 percent accuracy .
TR : Ninety and nine . Well , it 's an improvement .
<unk> : Of course .
TR : Thank you very much . Max Little , public .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before March of 2011 , I made <unk> <unk> in New York City .
We are <unk> creatures , gray .
We hide in the dark , in no windows and , usually , we avoid sunlight .
We make the models thin , even thinner , the perfect skin still the impossible , possible and criticize us in the press all the time , but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a true taste of images and photography .
On March 11 , 2011 , I saw from my house , just like the rest of the world , the tragic events that happened in Japan .
Shortly after , an organization where it was voluntary , there was <unk> <unk> , was in the place working as part of the answer .
I , along with hundreds of other volunteers , we knew that we could n't stay sitting at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
On May 13 , I traveled to <unk> .
It 's a little fishing town located in the <unk> <unk> of nearly 50,000 people , one of the first towns affected by the wave .
The water level recorded over 24 feet tall and more than three feet tall inside .
As you can imagine , the village was devastated .
We got rubble from the canals and the ditches .
We took the schools off . We took the mud and we leave the lists to be contradictory and <unk> .
We took tons and tons of dead fish , smelly , rotten factory eggs .
We were <unk> and loved it .
For weeks , both volunteers like the neighbors , they found similar things .
They found pictures and <unk> photos and cards and cards .
Everybody did the same thing .
<unk> and bring them to different places of people around the villages of all around them .
It was n't until I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered .
As they were fleeing , and to save their lives , they had to leave absolutely everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help in a <unk> center .
I helped to clean up the communal toilets , gigantic <unk> .
This place turned out to be the place of the people where the <unk> center pick up the photos .
They were there and I had the honor of that day to go on me to clean up the photos .
This was exciting and inspiring , I 'd heard the expression of thinking beyond the horizons , but it was n't until I moved beyond myself my horizons that something happened .
When I looked at the pictures , I found some that they had more than a hundred years old , they were still in the lab on the lab , and I could n't help avoid thinking about how to fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> , and I knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing .
So that night I walked into Facebook contacted some of them , and the next morning , the answer was so overwhelming and positive , which I knew we had to try .
So we started experimenting with the photos .
This was the first one .
It was n't too exclusive , but where the water had taken off the face of the girl , he had to get rid of the girl 's face , very accurately .
Otherwise , that little girl would n't have the aspect of it itself , and that would be as tragic as having the spoiled picture .
Over the course of time , they got more pictures , and it took more <unk> , so I went into Facebook and LinkedIn , and five days later , 80 people of 12 people were offered to help .
Within two weeks , I had 150 people trying to join .
In Japan , in July , we take a <unk> , a neighboring people to Northern <unk> .
Once a week we use our scanner in the photographic libraries that had been installed , where people were going to reclaim their photos .
The time that you would take in <unk> is a different story , depended on from course of the <unk> of the photos .
I could imply an hour . I could take weeks .
It could make months .
This <unk> was had to draw almost by hand using the areas whose color and detail was n't destroyed .
I took a lot of time .
The water destroyed all these pictures submerged in salt water , covered in bacteria , with algae , even with oil , and it 's all over the course of the course of the time I continue to <unk> , and that 's why <unk> was a major part of the project .
We could n't tweak the picture unless it was clean , dry and had been <unk> by her owner .
We got lucky to hand .
We count on the guidance of a remarkable neighbor .
It 's very easy to harm even more the photos already .
As once again , the leader of my group is how to make a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman who brought us these pictures had been lucky enough to the photos .
She had begun to <unk> it , but they stopped to realize that it would be injured even more .
I also had <unk> .
Without them , her husband 's images and his own face would not have been able to rebuild , we were able to put the images into a single photo and tweaking the whole picture .
When I picked up his pictures , I shared something about his story .
And some of her husband 's colleagues found the photos in a fire station between the rubble , quite far from where he used to be his house , but his colleagues <unk> it .
The tsunami of the tsunami , her husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave .
It had to go inside the water while the Sirens sounded .
Their young children , not so small now , but their two children were at school , in different schools .
One of them was trapped in the water .
It took him a week to find his family and knowing that everyone had survived .
The day I gave her photos his youngest son to be 14 .
For her , despite all of this , those pictures were the best gift I could do , something that he could come back to the past , something that I could remember from the past that would n't have been marked by that day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed .
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined up there -- hundreds of them had helped us to clean up from 135 photographs , most of them -- the vast majority came back to their own hands .
More than 500 volunteers all over the world helped us bring back to 90 families of totally <unk> , <unk> pictures .
During this time , we do n't really spend more than $ 1,000 in teams and materials , most of the ink on printers .
We took pictures constantly .
A picture is a memory of someone or something , one place , a relationship , somebody wanted .
They 're <unk> from our memories and stories , the last thing that we would take us , but the first thing that we 're going to do is look for .
This was what the project is , to restore small pieces of humanity , would restore a connection to the past .
When a picture like this comes back to someone , it 's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it .
This project also made a big difference in the life of <unk> .
Some of them connected them with something bigger , to give you something , using their talent to something that are not perfect skin thin models .
So in closing I 'd like to read this email . I sent him Cindy the day that I came back from Japan after six months .
While we were <unk> , I could n't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in the images .
One in particular , a picture with women from different ages from the grandmother to the small girl , gathered around a baby , was moved by , because a similar picture of my family my family , my mother , me and my newborn daughter , hangs on our wall .
In the entire world , in all of our own basic needs are the same , right ?
Thank you .
Doc , I was inspired by awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet walking through an apple in an exhibition of just a millionth of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go a million times faster and see the world not about a million or a billion , but at a billion frames per second .
I present to you a new kind of photograph : <unk> -- a new technique so fast that can create video motion on motion on motion .
And with that , we can create cameras that you can see after the corner , beyond the line of vision , or seeing the interior of the body without using X-rays , and we really defy the idea of camera .
If I take a laser pointer , and I switch on and turn it into a <unk> of a second or so , in various <unk> to create a <unk> <unk> <unk> pack .
And that package of photons , that bullet , travel at the speed of light , and , again , a million times faster than a common bullet .
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and fire in this bottle , how do those photons spread inside this bottle ?
What 's the aspect of light in slow motion ?
Now , all of this -- remember that all of this is actually happening in less than a <unk> , is what it takes to travel .
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion .
Coca-Cola does n't fix this research . There 's a lot of things in this film ; we 'll put this information out to show what 's going on .
The pulse , our bullet , comes into the bottle with a photons package that starts to go through and , inside , it starts to <unk> .
Part of the light walks out , goes to the table , and we started looking at these ripples .
A lot of photons finally get to the cap and then explode in various directions .
As you can see , there 's a air bubble bouncing inside .
In that time , waves travel on the table , and because of the edges of the top , you see at the bottom of the bottle , after several frames , the insights are concentrated .
Now , if we take a common and current bullet , and we make it run the same distance , and we see it in slow motion to about 10 billion times , how much you think it would take us to sit on that movie ?
One day ? A week ? Actually , a whole year .
It would be a very boring film of a <unk> bullet in motion .
And how about to try dead nature ?
You can see the waves coming out of the table , the tomato and the wall wall .
It 's like throwing a stone on a pond .
It 's the way that nature paints a picture , I thought , from a <unk> at the time , but , of course , our eyes see an integral composition .
But if you look at once again this tomato is , you 'll notice that , as light takes over the tomato , it does n't be <unk> .
Why ? Because the tomato is mature and light bounces out of its interior and it comes back after several <unk> of second .
In the future , when this <unk> is on your mobile phones , they 're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is grown without having to touch it .
What do we create this camera at MIT ?
As photographers , you know , if we took a low exposure picture , very little light comes in .
But we 're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest show , so just going into some light .
We sent that bullet , that package of photons , millions of times , and we recorded over and over again with a very large-scale synchronization , we took those gigabytes of data and the <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> I showed you .
We can take all of those things in raw data , and it 's really interesting .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
And if a new power of a future superhero would allow him to see after the corner ?
The idea is that we could throw something out of a light on the door , and you 'll go to the room , you 're going to reflect on the door , and from there to the camera .
Where we could extract these multiple <unk> of light .
It 's not science fiction . We 've already built it .
On the left , it 's our <unk> .
Behind the wall , there 's a dummy , and it <unk> the light on the door .
After the publication of our article in Nature <unk> .
And a small fraction of the photons will come back to the camera , but interestingly , at slightly different times .
And as we have a camera that works so quickly , our <unk> , has unique capabilities .
It 's got very good time resolution , and it can look at the world at the speed of light .
So , we know the distances all the way down to the door , and also the hidden objects , but we do n't know what a point corresponds to what distance it is .
When you project a laser , you can record a raw picture , which , you see on the screen , really does n't make any sense .
But we 'll take a lot of images like that , dozens of images , we 're bringing them together and we 're going to try to analyze the multiple <unk> of light , and with that , we can see the hidden object ?
Can we see it in 3D ?
This is our reconstruction .
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that will avoid collisions with what 's going around the curve .
Or we could look for survivors in a dangerous condition by looking at light from open windows .
Or we could build <unk> able to see the interior of the body by going through <unk> , and the same thing for <unk> .
But of course , because of the tissue and the blood , this is quite difficult , so this is actually an order to scientists so that they start thinking about <unk> as a new mode of visualization to solve the problems of imaging in the next generation .
So as Doc <unk> , himself , a scientist , it became art in art , an art of photography .
I realized that all of the gigabytes of data that we 've collected are not just for scientific visualizations , but we can see that we can do it .
We will create a new form of computational photography , and it 's <unk> .
And let 's look at those waves . Remember , the time between each of those waves is just about <unk> per second .
But here 's something fun here .
If you look at the waves under the cap , you 're going to go away from us .
The waves should move towards us .
What happens here ?
It turns out that , as we 're recording almost at the speed of light , we have strange effects . So , Einstein would have loved to see this image .
The order that events occur in the world sometimes appears to be invested in the camera .
We 're going to get the corresponding warping of space and time , we can correct this distortion .
It 's time . Thank you .
Hello . This is my mobile phone .
Your phone can change your life , and it gives you individual freedom .
With a mobile phone , it can give us a crime against humanity in Syria .
You can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt .
With a mobile , you can record a song , put it into <unk> and get famous .
This is all possible with a mobile phone .
I 'm a <unk> of 1984 and I live in the city of Berlin .
Let 's go back to that city , to this city .
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protesting a change .
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all of these people gathered together that we 're looking for a change , they had a mobile in your pocket .
Who is a mobile here ?
<unk> .
Raise your mobile phones , <unk> !
<unk> . A Android , a Blackberry , wow !
It 's a lot . Almost all today have a mobile .
But today , I 'm talking about me , from my mobile phone , and how I changed life .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 <unk> lines .
Dark data .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the E.U . Commission on the E.U . presented a directive .
The <unk> of <unk> .
This directive says that every European telephone company , every Internet provider of all Europe , has to store a broad range of information from users .
Who calls who . Who sends an email who .
Who sends her a text to who .
And if we use your mobile phone , where we are .
All this information is stored for at least six months , and up to two years , in your phone company or its Internet provider .
And all around Europe , people stood up and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this retrieval of data .
We want the self-determination in the digital age , and we do n't want the phone and the Internet providers for all this information about us .
There was a lawyer , journalists , priests , everybody said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see about ten thousand people who came out the streets in Berlin and said , `` Freedom , not fear . ''
And some even said this would be <unk> 2.0 .
<unk> was the secret of Eastern Germany .
And I also wondered if this works really .
Can you store all this information about us ?
Every time you use your mobile phone ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany , that please get me all the information you had about me .
I asked them once , and I went back to ask , and I did n't get a concrete answer . It was all blah .
But then I said , `` I want to have this information because you are <unk> my life . ''
So I decided to take a court demand because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said no , we wo n't give you this information .
And then they signed an agreement .
They took the demand and they send me the information that I would ask .
Meanwhile , the German <unk> Court failed the <unk> for the German law of the E.U .
So I got this ugly on brown with a CD inside .
And in the CD there was this .
Thirty and 5,000 <unk> <unk> .
At first I saw it and I said , well , it 's a huge archive . Okay .
But after a while I realized that it 's my life .
There 's six months of my life in this archive .
It was a bit skeptical : what should I do with that ?
Because you can see where I am , where I walk night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information to go out .
I want to make it public .
Because I want to show people what the retention of data means .
So , along with <unk> Online and Open Data City , we did this .
This is a visualization of six months of my life .
You can zoom in and move away , go backwards and forwards .
You can see every step I give .
And you can see how I 'm going to train them on the train to shore , and what often I call the journey .
This is all possible with this information .
That 's a little bit scary .
But it 's not just about me .
It 's about all of us .
First , there 's things like , I call my wife and she calls me , we talk a couple of times .
And then they call me some friends and they 're called between them .
And then one calls on the other , and the other one to the other , and we end up with this big network of communications .
You can see how your people communicate with each other to what time they call each other , what time they sleep .
You can see this all .
You can see the centers , the group leaders .
If you have access to this information , you can see what society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control your society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the shape of your society , because you know who speaks to who , who gives you an email , who , all of this is possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe , to two years .
As I said at the beginning , imagine if all of these people in the streets of Berlin , in the fall of 1989 , they had a mobile in your pocket .
And the <unk> would have known who I was involved in this protest , and if the <unk> had known who the leaders were , this would never have happened .
The fall of the Berlin Wall is probably never happened .
And , in a consequence , also the fall of the Iron <unk> .
Because today the state agencies and companies want to store as much information of us as possible inside and out of the web .
They want to have the ability to follow our lives and they want to stay forever .
But self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But today , you have to fight through self-determination .
You have to fight for that every day .
When you go home , tell your friends that privacy is a 21st-century value of the 21st century , and that 's not in fashion .
When you go home , tell your representative that just because companies and state agencies can store some information , they do n't have to do it .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , what information they store from you .
So in the future , every time you use your mobile phones to remind them to remember that they have to struggle by self-determination in the digital age .
Thank you .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
It 's not enough .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and I 'm not <unk> , but I know the doctor that brought me the world .
I put my mom six times in six different directions , <unk> to the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I have cerebral palsy , so I 'm going to spend all the time .
Look .
It 's exhausting . I 'm like a mixture of <unk> .
and Muhammad .
Transparency C. is not genetics .
It 's not <unk> ; it ca n't contract .
Nobody <unk> the uterus of my mother and not <unk> because my parents were cousins , although they are .
It 's just about accidents , like the one that happened at birth .
Now , I warn you , I 'm not source of inspiration .
You feel bad for me , because at some point in life , you wish to be disabled .
Go for a walk .
Christmas Christmas , you 're at the mall , you 're in the mall looking for parking lot and what do you see ?
16 empty places for disabled .
And they think , `` God , I can be at least a little disabled ? ''
In addition , I 'm telling you , I have 99 problems , and your C. C is just one of them .
If there was a <unk> of oppression , I would win the gold medal .
I 'm Palestinian , Muslim , woman , disabled and live in New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , maybe you should .
I 'm from <unk> <unk> in New Jersey .
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same initials .
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my home to New York , I could .
A lot of people with cerebral palsy do n't walk , but my parents do n't believe in the `` ca n't . ''
The mantra of my father was , `` You can .
If my three older sisters cleaned , I cleaned up .
If my three older sisters were going to public school , my parents <unk> to the school system , and they would be convinced that I was also , and if we could n't pull out all the top , we all took my mother 's <unk> .
My father taught me to walk at the age of five , putting my toes on his feet and just walking .
Another tactic that I used was to hang on a dollar in front of me so that I would plug it up .
The <unk> I carry inside was very strong and ...
Yes . The first day in the kindergarten was walking as a boxing champion who has received a lot of strokes .
Growing up , there was only six Arabs in my city and were all of the family .
Now there are 20 Arabs , and they 're still all of the family . I think no one realized that we were n't Italian .
This was before 9/11 , and that politicians would think appropriate to use `` hate to Muslims '' as a gun slogan .
The people I grew up with did n't have problems with my faith .
Now , it seemed like a lot of <unk> from starvation during the <unk> .
I told them that I had enough fat to live three months without eating , so fast at dawn at sunset is very easy .
<unk> did on Broadway .
Yeah , on Broadway . It 's crazy . My parents could n't afford the physical therapy , so they sent me to dance school .
I learned to dance with heels , whatever I can walk with heels .
I 'm from New Jersey , and there we want to be <unk> , so if my friends were using heels , I also .
And when my friends were going across the summer vacation vacation , I was n't going .
I spent my summers in a war zone , because my parents were afraid that if we do n't go back to Palestine all the summers , we got left at Madonna .
On the summer vacation , often my father was trying to <unk> , so I would drink <unk> milk on the back , got me down in the Dead Sea , and I got back on the Dead Sea , and I remember the water burning my eyes and thought , `` It works , it works . ''
But a miracle cure was yoga .
I must say it 's very boring , but before doing yoga was a <unk> comedian who could n't stand up [ <unk> ] .
And now I can stand on the head .
My parents <unk> this idea that I could do anything , that no dream was impossible , and my dream was to be at the General Hospital .
I went to college through positive discrimination , and I got a scholarship for the <unk> , University of Arizona , because I would come in all the <unk> .
It was like the pet department of the theater department .
Everybody loved me .
I did all of the same intelligent tasks , I took the top note in my classes , and also in their classes .
Every time I did a scene from the glass zoo my professors would cry .
But I never got a paper .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to do a play called very slow dance .
It 's a work of a girl with cerebral palsy .
I was a girl with cerebral palsy .
So I started screaming at the four winds , `` Eventually I 'll have a paper !
I have cerebral palsy .
In the free end , free .
Thank God all-powerful , at the end , I 'm free .
I did n't get the paper . They gave him a Brown Brown .
I went to the head of the theater department , crying historically , as if someone had killed my cat , to ask him why , and she told me that they did n't do the risk stunts .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't do the risk stunts , you ca n't do the character . ''
It was a role for which he was literally born and gave him an actress without cerebral palsy .
College was imitating my life .
Hollywood has a story of <unk> actors with no disabled .
When I graduated from , I went back home , and my first tour , <unk> , was as an extra thing on a meal .
My dream became true .
And I knew he would be <unk> from `` mate '' to `` better friend '' in a <unk> .
Instead , I stayed there as a vase , did n't look more like the back of the back , and it was obvious to me that directors do not <unk> actors , not white , with disability .
You just get perfect people .
But there were exceptions to the rule .
I grew up looking at her Rube <unk> , Roseanne <unk> , and all these women had one thing in common : they were comedians .
That 's why I became <unk> .
On my first tour , it took famous comics from New York to New Jersey , and I will never forget the face of the first comedy that led when he fell at the realization that I was at high speed at the freeway of New Jersey with a driver who had cerebral palsy .
I worked in clubs across the United States , and also in Arabic in the Middle East , without censorship and <unk> .
Some people say I 'm the first <unk> of the Arab world .
I never like to reclaim the first place , but I do know that you 've never heard that little nasty sound that says that women are not fun , and they find them very fun .
In 2003 , my brother of another mother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the <unk> <unk> Festival in New York City now in his <unk> year .
Our goal was to change the negative image of the <unk> in media , and then they remind the school directors that <unk> and Arabic is not <unk> .
It was so much easier than fighting the challenge of the disability of disability .
My great opportunity came in 2010 .
I was like invited to the news news program , a cable has gone through Keith <unk> .
I went to a graduation dance , and I joined a studio and they sat in a wheelchair .
I looked at the principal and I said , `` Excuse me , can you give me another chair ? ''
She looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , two ... ''
And we were alive .
So I clung to the presenter presenter for not going out of the screen during the segment , and when I finished the interview , it was pale .
I had my opportunity and the <unk> . I knew they would n't come back to me .
But not just Mr. <unk> came back to me , but I stayed like a full-time participant and hit my chair .
Something fun that I learned instead of Keith <unk> was scum .
The kids are told that kids are cruel , but they never made fun of me or a bigger girl .
All of a sudden , my Internet disability became a fun object .
I 'd see video clips online with comments like , `` Why <unk> ? ''
`` Is it <unk> ? ''
And my favorite , `` Poor terrorist terrorist .
What disease does it have ?
We really should be praying for it . ''
A comical suggested I even would add my disability to my rsum : writer , a comedian , paralyzed .
Disability is as visual as race .
If someone in the wheelchair ca n't do <unk> , then <unk> ca n't make someone in a wheelchair .
The disabled are -- yeah , clap , man . Go .
The disabled are the largest minority of the world , and the most <unk> in the world of entertainment .
The doctors said they 're not walking , but I 'm standing here in front of you .
However , having grown with media , I do n't think it was .
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life .
Maybe if there were more positive images , that 's less hatred in the Internet .
Or maybe not .
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our children well .
My tortuous journey has led me to very spectacular places .
I came to <unk> by the red carpet <unk> by the <unk> Susan <unk> and the famous <unk> <unk> .
I got to act on a film with Adam <unk> and working with my idol , incredible Dave Matthews .
<unk> the world running `` Arabs have become crazy . ''
I was <unk> in representation of the great state of New Jersey in 2008 .
And I founded `` The <unk> Children , '' a charity to give the children refugees , Palestinian refugees a tiniest little bit of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father saw me act alive , and I do this talk to his memory .
rest in peace .
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you can .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a child in a small village .
I do n't know his name , but I know his story .
He lives in a small town to South <unk> .
This people are near <unk> .
<unk> drives the small people to poverty and the edge of starvation .
Without nothing for him there , it goes to the great city , in this case , <unk> , the capital of Somalia .
When it comes there , there is no opportunity , there 's no job , no future perspectives .
He just lived in a tent in the city outside of <unk> .
After maybe a year ago , nothing .
One day is about a guy who offers him take it to lunch , after dinner , for breakfast .
He knows a dynamic group of people , which gives him a break .
She gets a little money to buy new clothes , money to send home , to their family .
They present to a young man .
They finally go home .
It starts a new life .
It has a goal of life .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , bursts a car bomb .
That child from that small village with the dreams of the great city was the suicide bomber , and that dynamic group of people were at <unk> , a connected terrorist organization .
So how did the story of a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends with him ?
He was waiting .
He was waiting for an opportunity , hoping to start his future , waiting for a future perspective , and this was the first thing he got .
This was the first thing that pulled it out of what we call `` the waiting period . ''
And their story repeats itself in urban centers around the world .
It 's the story of the marginalized , young urban urban young people who were blowing riots in Johannesburg , <unk> riots in London , who look at something beyond the waiting period .
For young people , the promise of the city , the great dream of the city is the opportunity , of jobs , of well-being , but young people do n't participate in the prosperity of their cities .
It 's often the youth who suffers from the highest rates of unemployment .
By 2030 , three of five people living in cities will be under 18 years old .
If we do n't include the young people in the growth of our cities , if you do n't provide opportunities , the story of the waiting time , the door of access to terrorism , to violence , in the gang , to be the story of 2.0 2.0 .
And in my hometown of birth , <unk> , 70 percent of young people are unemployed .
70 percent do n't work , it does n't go to school .
They do n't really do anything .
I went back to <unk> last month , and I went to visit the <unk> Hospital , hospital where I was born .
I remember in front of that hospital <unk> hospital thinking , and if I never had gone ?
What if I had seen me forced to be in that same `` period of waiting '' ?
Will I have become terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure the answer .
The reason I was in <unk> that month was actually to train some young leaders in a corporate top .
We went to about 90 youth juveniles .
We sat down and we had a brainstorming about the solutions to the big challenges facing the city .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He went to <unk> University , he graduated .
There was no job , no opportunity .
I remember when he told me , that because he was a graduate college , unemployed , frustrated , was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorists , to be recruited .
They were looking for people like him .
But this story takes a different path .
In <unk> , the biggest obstacle to reach from point A to B are the streets .
<unk> years of civil war have completely destroyed the road system , and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize .
He saw an opportunity and I seized it .
He started a motorcycle company .
He started <unk> off the local residents who normally could n't afford them .
I bought 10 motorbikes , with his family 's help and friends , and his dream is at some point at some point to expand hundreds of bikes for the next three years .
Why is this different story different ?
What makes this story different ?
I think their ability to identify and take a new opportunity .
It 's the entrepreneurial spirit , and I think the entrepreneurial spirit can be the most powerful tool against the waiting period . ''
<unk> the young to be the creators of economic opportunities that are so desperately looking for .
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a <unk> .
I was helping me train some of the young people in the corporate initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative .
In fact , it 's the first <unk> that <unk> has seen over 22 years , and until Mohamed arrived , until Mohamed arrived , if you wanted flowers for your wedding , we were from plastic sent from the overseas .
If you put somebody , `` When was the last time you saw fresh flowers ? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war , the answer would be , `` Never . ''
So , Mohamed saw an opportunity .
He started a <unk> company and floral floral company .
I created a farm on the outskirts of <unk> , and he started growing <unk> and <unk> , who as he said , could survive the hard climate of <unk> .
And it began by shooting flowers to weddings , creating gardens in the houses , and the city companies , and now he 's working on creating the first public park of <unk> in 22 years .
There are no public parks in <unk> .
It wants to create a space where families , the young people , can go together , and , as he says , smell the <unk> pink .
By the way , he 's not growing pink because they use a lot of water .
So , the first step is to inspire young people , and in that room , Mohamed 's presence had a really profound impact on young people .
They had never thought about starting a business .
They had thought about working for an NGO , working for government , but their story , their innovation , really had a strong impact on them .
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity .
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs , that they could be <unk> from change .
By the end of the day , they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city .
They have corporate solutions for local problems .
So , inspiring young people and creating a culture of business is really a big step , but young people need capital to make their ideas .
They need expertise and guidance to guide them in development and put on their business .
They encourage young people with the resources that they need , they need the support that they need to move from conception to creation , and create <unk> for urban growth .
For me , the entrepreneurial spirit is something more than starting a business .
It 's creating a social impact .
Mohamed is not simply selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
Your Peace Park , this is how it calls it , when it 's created , to transform the way people see their city .
I was hired to hire children from the street to help rent on the bike and keep motorcycles for him .
He gave them the opportunity to escape the `` waiting period . ''
These young people are having a tremendous impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is : to turn young people in entrepreneurs , <unk> and eat their own innovation , and they will have more stories about flowers and that 's the <unk> of the Peace that <unk> and `` waiting spaces . ''
Thank you .
I was about 10 years old , and I went camping with my dad in the <unk> mountains , a <unk> area north of New York City .
It was a beautiful day .
The <unk> forest .
The sun was made of <unk> leaves like a <unk> , and not the way we were still , we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings to step on that land .
We got to our camp .
It was a shed in a <unk> , with a beautiful lake when I discovered something horrible .
Behind the shed , there was a <unk> , from about four square feet with rotten heart of rotten <unk> hearts , and old shoe .
And I was <unk> , I was very angry and incredibly confused .
<unk> they were too lazy to get out what they 'd brought , who thought would it be going to clean up their crap ?
That question followed me , and it <unk> a little bit .
Who cleans our garbage ?
Do n't matter how to put the `` our '' to put our garbage in Istanbul ?
Who cleans our garbage in Rio or in Paris or London ?
Here in New York , the Department of <unk> clean our trash , and it 's mostly 11 metric tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day .
I wanted to know them as individuals .
I wanted to understand who 's doing that work .
What does it feel like to use your uniform and bring that load ?
So I started a research project with them .
I traveled in the trucks and walked along the trucks and interviewed people in offices and facilities throughout the city , and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
I needed to go further .
So I began to work like <unk> .
Now I did n't just travel in the trucks . I tried them .
And they operated the mechanical boat and bar the snow .
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning .
Everybody asks about the smell .
It 's there , but it 's not as prevalent as you believe , and in the days that it 's very strong , you get used very quickly .
It costs a lot to get used to the weight .
I met people who 'd been working on it for several years and their bodies still <unk> the weight of taking over his body tons every week .
It 's also the danger .
According to the Bureau of waste Statistics , the waste collection is one of the most dangerous <unk> in the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming out and go into traffic all the day and go round it around .
They just want to <unk> , so in general the driver is not paying attention .
That 's very bad for the worker .
And also the crap itself is full of dangers that often fall from the truck and cause terrible damage .
I also learned about the relentless of garbage .
When you get out of the <unk> and you see a city from the back of the truck , you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself .
It never stops coming .
It 's also like a kind of breath or circulation .
It 's always a movement .
And it 's also stigma .
It seems to me that stigma is particularly ironic because I believe strongly that waste waste are the most important work on the streets of the city , for three reasons .
They are the first protecting of public health .
If you do n't get rid of the waste as efficient and effective every day , this starts to <unk> from its containers and its dangers inherent to us in very real ways .
<unk> that we 'd be controlled for decades and centuries come back to <unk> and begin to <unk> .
The economy needs it .
If we ca n't get rid of the old , we do n't have space for what the motors in the economy begin to fail to fail when they 're in danger .
I 'm not advocating for capitalism , just pointing their relationship .
And then there 's what I call our average daily speed .
And I 'm just talking about the speed that we used to move in contemporary time .
We do n't know , we do n't worry about them , no cleaning , or we have to have our coffee cup , our bag of <unk> , our water bottle .
We use them , we throw them , we just forget about them , because we know that there 's a job force on the other side that we can take to it .
So today , I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about waste collection that can perhaps help reduce the stigma and you 're going to get into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city .
Your job , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're in the street every day , <unk> .
They wear a uniform in many cities .
You know when you 're going to get to .
And their work allows us to do our own .
They 're almost a form of relief .
The flow that keeps us up except for ourselves , of our own waste , our own waste , and that flow must always stay in one way or another .
One day after September 11 , 2001 , I heard a summary of a waste collection truck on the street , grabbed my little son and went down the stairs running , and there was a man doing his process of recycled paper as I did all the Wednesday .
And I tried to thank him for doing his work that day in particular , but I started to cry .
And he looked at me and he just nodded , and he said , `` We 're going to be fine .
Let 's be fine . ''
Shortly after that , I began to investigate waste collection , and I went back to see that man .
It 's called <unk> , we work together many times , and we made good friends .
I want to believe that <unk> was right .
Let 's be fine .
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as a species we have to include and realizing all the costs , even the very real human cost of labor .
The municipal waste , what we think when we talk about garbage , is three percent of the waste of the nation .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of your day and their lives , the next next to somebody whose work is to clean up the trash of you , take a moment to recognize them .
Take a moment to tell you .
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community 's life , becoming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally and traditions .
Today I brought two recent projects , as an example of this .
Both projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia .
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the end work of architecture .
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial mall in the capital of Ethiopia , Addis Ababa , Addis Ababa .
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example , my team and me , about what we had to design .
At first , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to run out . ''
After seeing some of these buildings , there are many in the city , we realized there are three important aspects to point out .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can not afford to buy things .
Secondly , you need to spend a lot of energy because the crystals with crystals generates heat inside , so we need a lot of cooling .
In a city where this should n't happen because it 's a temperate climate that 's 20 to 25 degrees over the year .
And thirdly , what it looks like is nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia .
It 's a pity for a place so rich in culture and traditions .
In our first visit to Ethiopia , I was really engaged with the old market , which is the outdoor structure where thousands of people , go and buy things every day to little sellers .
There 's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity .
So I thought , that was what I really wanted to design , not a mall .
But the question was how to build a <unk> , several floors , applying these principles .
The next challenge was presented to mapping the site , which is located in a very crowded area of the city , where much of the buildings we see now in the image , did n't exist .
And it 's also between two parallel streets that do n't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters .
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets , uniting all the entries in the building .
And this extends out with an inclined atrium that creates an air in the open building in the building that was <unk> , by its own form , of the sun and the rain .
And around this space , we 've applied the idea of the market with small businesses , which changes in each floor because of the form of space .
I also thought , how close the building ?
I wanted to find a solution to respond to local climate conditions .
And I started thinking about a similar fabric to a concrete concrete shell to allow the air entry , and also light , but in a filtered way .
We then inspire ourselves in these beautiful buttons in the dresses of Ethiopians .
They have the fractal geometry , and that helped me model the facade .
We 're building that with these little resting pieces that are the windows that leave the air and the light in a way controlled inside of the building .
This is going into these little colors of colors that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night .
With these ideas , it was n't easy to convince the developers , because they thought , `` That 's not a mall . It 's not what we ask . ''
But ultimately , we all realized that this idea of the market was much more profitable than the commercial center , because at the end of the mall , there was more local to sell .
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic , not only because of the material compared to glass , but also because it was no longer needed to have air conditioning .
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how to get the energy lanes for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day .
So we got a huge advantage putting <unk> on the roof .
And then under those panels , we think about the roof as a new public space with gathering areas and bars that would create this urban oasis .
And these <unk> on the roof , which is together collect water for the sanitation of the inside .
It 's expected for early next year , because we go through the fifth floor of construction .
The second example is a master plan for 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia .
And to make a project that big , the biggest that I 've been designed , I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia , but also their environment , its tradition and culture .
During that analysis , I started attention in the <unk> , a <unk> structure of a thousand years old that was surrounded by a twelve <unk> doors of connected lines .
When I went to the place , the first design operation that we did was expand the existing streets , creating 12 early blocks similar in size and features to which there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we select some strategic points in relation to the idea of the interconnected doors with straight lines , and that changed the initial model .
And the last operation was to think about the cell , the little cell in the project , like the apartment , as an essential part of the master plan .
I thought , what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the <unk> climate ?
And it 's a standard , because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation .
So let 's set up a framework that claims that most of the apartments are perfectly <unk> in that direction .
And this is the result that 's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks with playgrounds , and then on the low plant , we have all the connections for pedestrians .
And it also responds to local norms that make a greater density at the upper level and lower density in the plant low .
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors .
The roof , which is my favorite space of the project is almost like giving the community back space , busy construction .
It 's where everyone 's neighbors can go up and socialize , and do activities such as a race of two kilometers in the morning , or jump from a building to another .
These two examples have a common approach to design process .
And also , they are emerging countries , where you can see cities literally growing .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in people 's lives changes communities and local economies at the same rate as the buildings grow .
For this reason , I see even more important to look at architecture by looking for simple , affordable solutions , that improve the relationship between community and environment , and they have to connect the way to connect nature with people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight , a new girl joined our class . It was so remarkable , as you see all the new girls .
I had lots of very bright hair , and a little <unk> of pencils , cute . It was super strong for capitals of the states , very good for <unk> .
And I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy , until I put my sinister plan .
One day I stayed after the school out of school . It was a little late and I hid in the girls ' bathroom .
When the coast was <unk> , I went out , I went into the classroom , I took from my <unk> , the <unk> book .
And then I did .
Let 's take the grades of my rival , just a little bit , just a few .
All of the time . And I had to send me back to the book to the crate , but to see , some of my other companions had really good grades too .
So in a frenzy , we 'll take the notes around the world , without any imagination .
I put you all rows of <unk> and myself a row of time , just because I could ...
I 'm still surprised what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea arose .
I do n't understand why I was doing it .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I never caught me .
It 's that it was all <unk> obvious .
I was never discovered .
But above all , I was wondering why this little girl would bother me that this little girl , so small , was so good at <unk> .
I was affecting jealousy .
They 're so mysterious and so <unk> .
We know that babies suffer from jealousy .
Also , the primates . The birds are very likely .
We know that jealousy are the number one cause of spouses in the United States .
And yet , I 've never seen a study to observe loneliness , or the long duration or sadness .
So , you have to go to fiction , because the novels are like the laboratory that jealousy are in all of their possible forms .
In fact , I do n't know if it 's an exaggeration to say that if it was not jealousy , there would be no literature .
Well , it would n't have Leonardo <unk> , there would be `` A Odyssey . ''
There would be no hope to be jealous , and a thousand and one nights . ''
There would be no Shakespeare .
I took the lists of high school high school , because we 'd be losing `` The Noise and the <unk> , '' there would be not `` Gatsby '' and `` Party . '' We will lose us from `` Madame <unk> , '' and `` Anna K . ''
Without jealousy , there 's no Proust . I know it 's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything , and in terms of jealousy , almost it 's all .
This year , it will be 100 years of their masterpiece , `` In search of the lost time , '' the most <unk> study of sexual jealousy , and also from ordinary competitiveness , mine , all we might have , and thinking about Proust , we have the details of <unk> , right ?
We think of a child trying to reconcile the dream .
We think about a <unk> <unk> in <unk> .
We forgot how hard that image is .
We forgot how relentless it is .
I mean , it 's about books that Virginia <unk> said were as hard as <unk> .
I do n't know what the cat <unk> is , but we assume it 's <unk> .
Let 's see why they go so well together , the novel and jealousy , jealousy and Proust .
It 's going to be very obvious , how jealousy are they reduced to the person , their desire , their liabilities , are a very solid narrative ?
I do n't know . I think we get very close to bone , when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy .
When we feel jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
A story about other people 's lives , and those stories make us feel terrible because they are designed for that , to make us feel bad .
Now , being like storytellers and audience , we know exactly what details would include , put the knife , do n't it ?
jealousy are doing all amateur novelists , and that 's something that Proust understood .
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give me pleasure , maybe right now . ''
And it starts to say to yourself that story , and since then , Proust says that every fresh charm that <unk> detects in their lover , he adds him to his collection of instruments of torture in their private camera .
You have to admit that <unk> and Proust , they were notoriously jealous .
You know , the boyfriends boyfriends would have to leave the country , if they wanted to break with it .
But you do n't have to be so jealous to recognize that it 's a hard job . Right ?
jealousy are <unk> .
It 's a hungry emotion . You have to power it .
And how are the jealousy ?
jealousy will get rid of information .
jealousy are using the details .
jealousy of jealousy like big hair <unk> and the cute little <unk> of pencils .
jealousy were taken from the photos .
That 's why Instagram is so successful . Proust links well the language of jealousy .
When it was in its agony of jealousy , suddenly it 's listening to the doors and <unk> the servants of his lover , so they 're defending those behaviors .
He says , `` Look , I know you think this is disgusting , but it 's not different from the interpretation of an old text or to look at a memorial . ''
He says , `` These are scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to prove that jealousy are seen <unk> , and they make us seem <unk> , but , in their heart , they 're search for knowledge , search for truth , a painful truth . In fact , the more painful , the more painful truth , the better .
Pain , humiliation , loss : These were the pathways towards Proust wisdom .
He says , `` A woman who we need , who makes us suffer , causes a range of feelings much deeper and profound than a wise man who can be interested in . ''
Are you telling us we 're going to look for cruel women ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that jealousy themselves reveal ourselves .
And is there any other emotion that makes us open ourselves in this particular way ?
Is there any other emotion reveals our <unk> , our horrible ambition and our rights ?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at so peculiar ?
Freud would write about it later .
One day , Freud was visited by a very nervous young man who was being consumed with the idea that his wife <unk> him .
And Freud says that there was something weird in that man , who did n't get stuck in what his wife did .
Well , she was innocent ; everybody knew it .
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause .
But he was looking for things that he did his wife , not realizing , involuntary behaviors .
Do you get too much ? or have a man accidentally grown up with a man ?
Freud said that the man was becoming the <unk> of his wife 's unconscious .
The novels are really good at this .
The novels really described very well how jealousy make us look at intensity , but no precision .
In fact , the more intensely jealous we are , the more we become <unk> residents .
And for this reason , I think , jealousy lead us to make violent acts or illegal .
The jealousy are going to behave in the totally <unk> ways .
Now I 'm thinking about the age of eight , I recognize it , but I 'm also thinking about this story that I heard about the news .
A woman from 52 years old was captured by having created a fake account on Facebook since I was sending a <unk> , horrible messages itself , for a year .
For a year . A whole year .
She was trying to <unk> the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend . I have to tell you that when or this , reacted with admiration .
Because , let 's be realistic .
What huge , but unfortunate , but unfortunate . Right ?
It 's as a novel .
Like a <unk> novel .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She 's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature .
It 's the one `` <unk> in a <unk> '' and `` The <unk> Mr. <unk> , '' books that are trying to how jealousy , <unk> our minds , and once we 're in the sphere , in the realm of jealousy , the membrane that separates what it might be , can be done by a moment .
Take Tom <unk> , his most famous character .
Tom <unk> is going to be <unk> or want what you 've got to take from you , and you 've got to get on the floor , and it 's under the floor . It 's <unk> your rings , empty rings , cow accounts .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We ca n't take the route of Tom <unk> .
I ca n't give you everybody , as much as sometimes I 'd like .
It 's a shame , because we live in times of envy .
We live in times of jealousy .
I mean , are we good citizens of social networking , where is the currency the envy ? Right ?
The novels show us the way ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what the characters are always doing when they 're not sure , when they 're in front of a mystery .
Let 's go to the night of Baker Street and ask for Sherlock Holmes .
When people think about Holmes , they think of the <unk> curse in Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always loved [ to ] [ <unk> ] <unk> , the head of the rat 's head of Rwandan Scotland , who needs desperately desperately , needs the Holmes ' genius , but it bothers him .
Oh , it sounds so familiar .
You need their help , but we 'll <unk> it , and we <unk> with bitterness in each of the mysteries .
But as they work together , something starts to change , and finally in `` The <unk> of the Six <unk> , '' once he Holmes , he <unk> all with his solution , <unk> it back to Holmes and says , `` We 're not jealous , sir .
We 're proud of you . ''
And he tells you that there 's no person in Scotland who would n't want to raise your hand .
It 's one of the times that we see Europeans transferred in history . I think it seems very emotional . That scene is also mysterious , right ?
It seems to treat jealousy as a geometry problem , without emotion .
You know , in a minute there is the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute they are on the same side .
Suddenly , <unk> is allowed to admire that idea of being the <unk> .
Could it still be so simple ?
What if jealousy are really a matter of geometry , just a question of where we allow us to be in relation to the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to stop the greatness from the other .
We can relate to it .
But I like contingency plans .
So as we expect that to happen , let 's remember that we have the fiction for <unk> .
Only fiction , jealousy .
The fiction used to use it , invites them to the table .
And look at what puts it : the sweet <unk> , the terrifying <unk> <unk> , the <unk> <unk> , the very Marcel Proust itself .
We are in great company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
On the 21st of July , 1969 , Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo module of Apollo 11 and landed on the <unk> Sea .
Armstrong and Buzz were alone , but his presence on the <unk> surface was the culmination of a collective collective process .
The Apollo program was the greatest mobilization for peace in the American history .
To get to the moon , NASA took about 180 billion dollars today , or four percent of the federal budget .
Apollo delivered work to 400,000 people and asked about 20,000 companies , universities and government agencies .
They died , including the Apollo crew one .
But before the Apollo program <unk> , 24 men went to the moon .
Twelve walked over his surface , from which he went after women 's death , the past year , is now the most old man .
So why were they ?
They did n't get a lot of a turn : <unk> kilos of old rocks , and something that 24 <unk> later , a new sense of feeling and fragility in our common home .
Why were they ? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets , that this nation had better rockets .
But my own words of Kennedy at Rice University in 1962 give us a better idea .
John F. Kennedy : Some people ask , why the moon ?
Why turn it into our goal ?
And you could also ask , why scale the top mountain ?
35 years ago , why will it fly over the Atlantic ?
Why do I play Rice against Texas ?
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon in this decade , and to do other things , not because they 're simple , but because they 're hard .
Jason <unk> : For contemporary , Apollo was not just a <unk> of the West about the east in the Cold War .
At the time , the strongest emotion was the question of wonder to transcendence 's powers of technology .
They were because it was a great thing to do .
The landing on the Moon occurred in a context of a long list of technological successes .
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane , penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis .
In the middle of the century , they were <unk> , and the smallpox was eliminated .
Technology seemed to own what Alvin <unk> in 1970 called `` <unk> force . ''
For most of the history of humanity , we could n't go faster than a horse , or a boat with sail , but in 1969 , the Apollo crew crew flew by 40,000 miles .
Since 1970 , no human being has gone to the moon .
Nobody has traveled faster than the crew of Apollo 10 , and the joyful optimism about the power of technology has evaporated by seeing that problems that we imagined that the technology would solve the technology as going to Mars , create a clean energy , cure cancer , or to feed the world population seem to be intractable .
I remember seeing Apollo 17 .
I was five years old , and my mother told me that you do n't watch the <unk> tube from the rocket V Saturn .
I knew <unk> that this would be the last mission , but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars .
So that 's what it happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place .
We hear it all the time .
We 've heard this for the last two days here at TED .
It looks like the technologists would have distracted us , and they would have enriched with trivial toys , things like iPhones , apps and social networks , or algorithms that speed up the automated sale .
There 's nothing wrong with most of these things .
They 've extended and enriched our lives .
But they do n't solve the big problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's an uncontroversial explanation in Silicon Valley , which <unk> that have been created fewer ambitious companies than those of the years when Intel , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says that markets are the perpetrators , concrete , incentives that venture capitalists are offering entrepreneurs .
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment caused the creation of ideas that were changed by the funding of incremental problems , or even false problems .
But I do n't think this explanation is good enough .
It was mostly going wrong in <unk> Valley .
Even when the venture capitalists were at their high point , without caring for risk , they preferred small investments , lower investment that they could go out in 10 years .
<unk> . They 've always had problems to invest with a profit in technologies like energy , which need enormous capital and whose development is in the long term , and they have no longer invested in the development of technologies intended to solve big problems because they do n't have an immediate commercial value .
No , the reasons we ca n't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound .
Sometimes we 're choosing to do n't solve the big problems .
We could go to Mars if we wanted to .
NASA even designed a plan .
But going to Mars , it would require a political decision that was popular , and that will never happen .
We 're not going to go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth .
Sometimes we ca n't solve the big problems because political systems fail .
Today , less than two percent of the energy consumption of energy , from renewables like solar , wind and <unk> . Less than two percent , and the reason is completely economic .
Coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind , and oil is cheaper than the <unk> .
We want alternative sources that can compete at the price . You do n't exist .
Now , technologists , people and economists agree about what policy and international treaties <unk> the development of an alternative energy : mostly , a significant increase in research and development of energy , and some kind of control of the price of coal .
But there is no hope in the political climate that we 're going to see an energy policy in the United States or international treaties that reflect that consensus .
Sometimes , the big problems that look like technology , they turn out to not be .
We know from time that famines are a result of failure in the deal of food .
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect the distribution of food .
Technology can improve things like crops , or systems for storage and handling of food , but there will be famines while there were bad governments there .
Finally , the big problems sometimes make a solution , because we do n't understand the problem really .
The president Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1971 , but we soon found that there are many types of cancer , some terribly resistant people to treatment , and only in the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments .
The hard problems are hard .
It 's not true that we could n't solve problems with technology .
We can , and we have , but these four elements have to be present : political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem ; the institutions must support the solution ; it must be a really technological problem , and we should understand it .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems , with those criteria .
But it 's a <unk> model in the future .
We 're not in 1961 .
There is no competition as a Cold War in the Cold War , there 's no politician like John Kennedy , and the dangerous thing , and there is n't a popular mythology of science fiction like trying to explore the solar system .
In general , go to the moon , it turned out to be simple .
It was only three days .
And really , I was n't even address any problem .
We are alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be harder to get .
God knows that we 're not missing the challenges .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to start with you all the way that you 're going to have about trust .
They 're so common that they have become cliches from our society .
I think it 's three .
The first one is a claim : there 's been a huge decline of trust , it 's a very widespread belief .
The second one is a goal : we should have more confidence .
And the third is a task : we should recover trust .
I think the claim , the goal and the task is wrong .
What I 'm going to try to tell you about today is a different story about a claim , a goal and a task , which I think gives a more clear idea about it .
First of the claim , why do people think that trust has decreased ?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
I will turn to think that it can have gone into some activities or institutions , and that could have risen in others .
I do n't know it .
But I can use the surveys of opinion , and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has decreased .
When you look at surveys of opinion over time , there are no evidence of it .
I mean , the people who have been served 20 years ago , primarily journalists and politicians , keep inspiring the same mistrust .
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still pretty reliable -- judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway .
But is this evidence enough ?
What the record surveys are , of course , opinions .
What else can you register ?
What you 're looking at is the generic attitudes that people exist when they ask them certain questions .
Are Trust ? Trust ?
Now , if someone asked you , `` Do you think about <unk> ?
<unk> on the fishermen ?
<unk> in elementary school teachers ? ''
I probably got to ask , `` To do what ? ''
And that would be a very sane response .
And you could say , when you 've answered your question , `` Well , I trust some , but in others . ''
Which is very rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to place confidence in a separate way .
We do n't assume that the confidence level that we 're going to feel for a certain kind of officer , official or a guy , is going to be a uniform in all cases .
I could , for example , saying that I trust a certain master of elementary school I know to give the class class , but in any way to drive the school <unk> .
After all , I could know that it was n't a good driver .
I could trust my <unk> friend to keep a conversation , but not maybe , to keep a secret .
Simple .
And if we 've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is distinct , why do we stop side all that knowledge when we think about trust in more abstract form ?
I think that the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust , because they 're trying to simulate the good judgment of trust in something or someone .
Secondly , what about the goal ?
The goal is to have more confidence .
Frankly , I think it 's a stupid goal .
It 's not that the goal that I <unk> .
I would get more confidence in what 's trust , but not what it is .
Ultimately , I 'm keen to do n't trust what 's not reliable .
And I think those people who were saving their savings with the very rightly named Mr. Madoff , who went out with them , I think , and I think , well , yeah , they were too confident .
Having more confident is not a smart goal in this life .
Confidence deposited or <unk> with intelligence , that 's the right target .
Once you say , yes , yeah , it 's worth , that means that what matters first is not trust , but trustworthiness .
What it 's about is to make a judgment of how reliable people are in certain ways .
And I think that in order to make a judgment , we 're obliged to focus on three things .
Are they competent ? Are they honest ? Are they responsible ?
And if we find that a person is competent in pertinent subjects , and it 's responsible and honest , then we 'll have a very good reason to trust it , because it 's going to be worthy of trust .
But if , on the contrary , they 're not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I have friends who are competent and honest , but I did n't trust them to take a letter to the mail , because they 're <unk> .
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things , but I see that you 're looking at their own skills .
And I 'm so happy to say that I think I do n't have a lot of friends who are competent and responsible , but extremely <unk> .
Yeah , I still did n't realize it .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness before trust .
And trust is the answer .
trustworthiness is what we have to judge .
And , of course , it 's hard .
Over the last few decades , we 've been trying to build accountability systems for all sorts of institutions , professionals , officials and so on , to make us easier the task of judging their trustworthiness .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
I remember once he was talking to a <unk> , and he said , `` Well , you 'll see , the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paperwork to come in . ''
And we find the same problem in all our public and institutional life that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee trustworthiness and the evidence of trustworthiness , actually is doing the opposite .
What they do is they make it hard for the work of the people who have to do hard tasks , like the midwives , <unk> that `` use the boxes , '' as we say .
I 'm sure all of you know similar examples .
All of that , for the goal .
I think that the goal should be more trustworthiness , and that things would be different if we were trying to be trustworthy and empowering people to be reliable , and if we were trying to determine whether other people , officials or politicians are trustworthy .
It 's not easy . It 's the judgment , simple actions , attitudes , what it does n't do properly .
Third , the task .
Let 's start the task to rebuild trust , puts things upside down .
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can rebuild a little bit trustworthiness .
We can do it if you 're two people , together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , is distinctive because they give them other people .
You ca n't reconstruct what other people have given you .
You have to give them enough enough to be able to trust you .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't trick , usually , all the people , all the time .
But you also have to bring some confidence evidence that you 're worthy of trust .
How do you do that ?
That 's done every day , everywhere , the ordinary people do , the officials , the institutions , very effectively .
Let me give you a simple commercial example .
The store where I buy my socks and says that I can return them without giving explanations .
I 'm wearing it and bring me back to the money , or you change it by the color I want .
That 's great . I rely on them because they themselves became vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a great lesson on that .
If you become vulnerable to the other part , that 's a very good proof that you 're worthy of trust and you have confidence in what you 're saying .
So , at the end , I think that what we 're aiming at is not very hard to tell .
What people trust is in relationships , and in that frame , they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of confidence .
Thank you .
From the beginning of computers , we 've been spending work by reducing the separation between us and the digital information , the separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which the imagination can be produced .
This separation has gone down , increasingly and more , to such a point that today is less than one millimeter , the thickness of the glass screen , and the power of computing has become accessible to everybody .
But I ask myself , and if there were no barriers ?
I started to imagine how it would be .
First , I created this tool that gets deeper into digital space , so that when the strong <unk> against the screen transfers its physical body to pixels .
Designers can prescribe their ideas directly in 3D , and surgeons can practice virtual organs below the screen .
So with this tool , you break down the walls .
But the two hands remain still out of the screen .
How do you get inside and interact with the digital information using all the dexterity of your hands ?
In the Science at the Science at Microsoft , with my mentor <unk> <unk> , <unk> the computer , and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work .
You 're going to take a <unk> <unk> bombsight to detect your fingers and your face , now you can pick up your keyboard on the keyboard , come inside of the 3D space , grab the pixels directly with your hands .
As the windows and archives have a location in real space , it 's as easy as catching a book on a shelf .
You can flip through the book and <unk> lines , or words with the virtual tactile sensor that is below every floating screen .
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands .
In these examples , we 're typing in the digital world .
And if we invest the papers and make the digital information come to us ?
Surely , a lot of us will have bought me and returned to things on the Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry .
What I have here is an online <unk> on the Internet .
This is the vision that you get from a device mounted in your head or bypass , when the system is understanding the geometry of your body .
If we take this idea further , I thought , instead of just seeing pixels in the space , how can we make physical physicists so that we can touch them and feel them ?
What would a future look like ?
At the Media Lab at the MIT Media Lab , and my collaborator <unk> Post , we created this only physical pixel .
So this <unk> magnet is behaving like a 3D in 3D in space , which means that the computer like users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was we <unk> gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation , <unk> mechanical and detectors .
And by programming the object , we released it from the constraints of time and space , which means that human movements can <unk> and go back and reproduce and stay forever in the physical world .
You can teach them physically , physically , and the famous shot of Michael Jordan can reproduce as a physical reality , the times we want .
The students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets , the physics , and , unlike monitors or textbooks , this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what 's most fascinating is that changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities .
As you can see , digital information is not just going to show us something , but start acting directly about us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without having to <unk> our world .
We started the talk today talking about a barrier , but if we compress that barrier , the only limit that 's left is our imagination .
Thank you .
I was encouraged to become a female for two years in <unk> , China , in the '70s .
When I was in the first grade , the government wanted to go to a school for every day with all expenses paid .
But my tiger mother said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering , like them .
After surviving the Cultural Revolution , they believed that there was just an accurate path towards happiness : a safe , expensive job .
No matter if I 'd like to or not .
But my dream was to be an industrial opera singer .
This was me , in my imaginary piano .
An opera singer needs to start <unk> from very young to learn the tricks , so I tried all I could to go to the opera school .
I even wrote to the director of the school and the host of a radio show .
But any adult , you get the idea .
No adult took me seriously .
My friends were supportive , but they were children , without authority , like me .
So at the age of 15 , I knew it was too much bigger to train .
My dream will never work .
I was afraid , for the rest of my life , a second class happiness happiness will be the only thing I could aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I decided to look for another calling .
No one around me wanted to teach me ? OK .
Let 's go to books .
[ `` Works <unk> . '' ] [ `` Have <unk> '' ] [ `` <unk> of History . '' ] I came to America in 1995 , and what were the first books to be here ?
Those who were banned from China , of course .
`` The Good Earth '' is about the Chinese Chinese life .
And it 's not a convenient propaganda . It 's <unk> .
The Bible is interesting , but strange .
That 's one issue for another day .
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation : `` <unk> your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and so much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to come out of this guilt trap , and to reset the relationship with my parents .
The meeting with a new culture also gave place to my comparative reading habit .
We 'll spend a lot of perspectives .
For example , at the beginning this map seemed to me out of place because this is what the students in China learn .
I had never occurred to me , that China did n't have to be at the center of the world .
A map involves the perspective of people .
And comparative reading is not something new .
It 's a common practice in the academic world .
There 's to research fields like comparative religion and comparative literature .
<unk> and contrast , it offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject .
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked to investigate , why do n't we do that in the everyday life ?
So I started reading books from two .
They can be about people , `` Benjamn Franklin , '' from David <unk> [ `` John Adams , '' from David <unk> ] who were involved in a same thing , or friends with shared experiences .
For the Christ , temptation are economic , political and spiritual .
For Buddha , it 's all psychological : lust , fear and social duty -- interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages .
[ `` The Road of <unk> Tzu '' Thomas <unk> ] [ `` The Road from <unk> '' Alan <unk> ] Instead of missing in translation , I found that you can win a lot of her .
For example , it 's through the translation that I realized that `` happiness '' in Chinese literally means `` fast joy . '' Ha !
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese , literally means `` new mother . ''
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from past and present .
I know that I 'm not going to feel just powerless or powerless .
Having a broken dream is really nothing compared to what many others have suffered .
I 've come to believe that the realization is not the only purpose of a dream .
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that the dreams come from , where the passion comes from , where happiness comes from .
Until a dream , you can do that for you .
And it 's because of the books that I 'm here , happy , living again with purpose and clearly , most of the time .
So , books always join us .
Thank you .
Thank you .
When I was in my <unk> , I saw my first client of psychotherapy .
I was a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology in Berkeley .
She was a <unk> woman called Alex .
So , Alex came in the first session using jeans and a <unk> , sat down on my office my office took off the shoes and told me he wanted to talk about his problems with men .
When I heard this , I was so relieved .
My class roommate had a <unk> .
And I got a <unk> that I wanted to talk about men .
I thought I could drive it .
But I did n't .
With the <unk> stories that Alex brought to the sessions , it made me easy to move my head , and it made me easy to move the way around the solution .
`` <unk> are the new 20 , '' saying Alex , and so I saw , she was right .
You start to work later , you 're home later , you have kids later , and then the death goes later .
For <unk> , and I had plenty of plenty .
But shortly afterwards , my <unk> pushed me to press Alex who would talk about his loving life .
I stood up .
I said , `` Sure , it 's coming out with guys under your category , lying on a <unk> head , but it 's not like it was to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said , `` Not yet , but maybe you get married with the next .
In addition , the best time to work in Alex 's marriage is before they get married . ''
This is what psychologists call `` Aha ! ''
It was when I realized that the '30s are not the new ones .
Yeah , people feel head after what was used , but this did n't have the <unk> of Alex to be a pause in their development .
This made the name of Alex to be the perfect time , and we were wasting it .
So I realized that this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem and had real consequences , not only for Alex and his loving life , but for careers , families and futures on top of all sides .
There are 50 million <unk> in the United States today .
This means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent if you think that no one gets to adulthood without passing before the <unk> .
Hands up if you 're in your <unk> .
I want to see the ones here .
Oh , yeah ! They 're amazing .
If you work with <unk> , you love a respect , you take sleep , you take sleep , I want to see . Incredible , the truth really matters .
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will be 35 years old .
This means that eight of 10 decisions and experiences and moments , `` Aha ! '' that give your life a way to when they 're 30 and so many .
People from over 40 , not trained in panic .
This audience is going to be okay , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on the amount of money that they gain .
We know that more than half of the Americans are married , they live , they 're coming out with their future partner in the age of 30 .
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage of growth in its <unk> and <unk> for adulthood , which means that if there is something they want to change from themselves , is now the moment to change it .
We know that personality changes more times during their <unk> than at any time in life , and we know that female fertility comes to their top to the 28 , and things become complicated complicated to the 35 .
<unk> are the moment to get educated on their body and their choices .
When we think about the development of the child , we all know that the first five years are crucial to language and attachment to the brain .
It 's a moment where his everyday and common life has an impact on the person who will become .
But what we do n't hear is that there is something called an adult development , and our <unk> are a critical moment in adult development .
But this is not what you 're listening to .
The newspapers talk about changes in the timeline of adulthood .
The researchers call them a extended adolescence .
The journalists <unk> <unk> like <unk> and <unk> .
It 's true .
As a culture , we 've considered a triviality what is actually the decade that defines adulthood .
Leonard Bernstein said that to make great things , you need a plan and not enough time .
Is n't it true ?
What do you think happens when you give a <unk> on your head and say , `` Do you have another 10 years to start your life ? ''
Nothing happens .
They stole that person the sense of urgency , and their ambition , and it 's absolutely nothing .
And then every day , <unk> , interesting like you or your kids and daughters come to my office and say something like this : `` I know that my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship does n't count . I 'm just killing time . ''
Or they say , `` Everybody says , while I start a career , before the 30 , everything will be good . ''
But then it starts to sound something like this : `` My <unk> are by <unk> , and I still have nothing to show .
I had better curriculum the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound something like this : `` My quotes during the <unk> were like the chairs 's game .
They were all running around , but then at some point about 30 , it turned out the music and all began to sit down .
I did n't want to be the only one to stop standing , so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when he was 30 . ''
Where are the ones here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds a little bit extreme , but no mistake , the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s , there 's a huge pressure in the 30s , and you can choose a career , choose a city , choose a mate , and have two or three children in a much shorter time period .
Many of these things are n't compatible , and there 's research that you start to show , which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything in once to the '30s .
The middle-aged crisis crisis is not about buying red sporting cars .
It 's about realizing you ca n't have the career you want now .
You can notice that you ca n't have the son you want now , or you ca n't give a brother to your child .
Many <unk> and <unk> look at themselves , and me , sitting in the room , and they talk about their <unk> , `` What was I doing ? What was he thinking ? ''
I want to change what you 're doing and thinking about .
Here 's a story about how it might be .
It 's a story about a woman called Emma .
At 25 , Emma came to my office because she was , in his own words , having an identity crisis .
He said he 'd like to work in art or entertainment , but I still could n't decide , so I spent the last few years working as a <unk> .
As it was cheaper , she lived with a boyfriend that showed more temperament than ambition .
And despite living , very difficult <unk> , their previous life had been even more difficult .
We 're often going to go through our sessions , but then she was getting up to say , `` You do n't choose your family , but you can choose your friends . ''
Well , one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour .
I had just bought a new book for phone phone , and I had spent the entire morning and I had a lot of contacts , but then you kept looking at empty space that follows after the words , `` In case of emergency , please call ... ''
He was about the hysteria of hysteria when he saw me and said , `` Who 's going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who 's going to take care of if I get cancer ? ''
At that time , I had a lot of work to resist and not say , `` Me . ''
What Emma needed was not a <unk> that I was really worried about .
Emma needed a better life , and I knew this was his opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as I worked with Alex as to just sit while the oldest decade of Emma was in front of us .
So , for the next few weeks and months , I told him to Emma three things that every width , man or woman , deserves to know .
First , I said to Emma that would be forgetting to be forgotten that identity crisis and an identity of identity .
For identity of identity , I mean to do something that add value to your person .
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be after .
I did n't know the future of Emma 's career , and no one knows the future of work , but I know this : identity capital generates identity capital .
So now it 's time for that work on the other side of the country , from that boarding school , that they want to try .
I 'm not crossing exploration of exploration , I 'm rejecting the exploration that I should n't count , which , by the way , is not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I told Emma to explore jobs and to make them tell .
Second , I told Emma that urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are excellent to take you at the airport , but the ones that come together with friends with similar minds are confined to who you know , what you know , how they think , how they talk , how they talk , and where they work .
That new piece of capital , that new person who comes out almost always comes from the outside of his closest circle .
The new things come from what 's called weak ties friends from their friends .
Yes , half of them have a bad job or do n't have a job .
But the other half no , and the weak ties is the way we get to this group .
Half the work they 've ever created , then , knowing the head of your neighbor is the way you get a job not published .
It 's not cheating . It 's the science of how information goes on .
By the last but not least , Emma believed you do n't choose your family , but I know their friends .
This was true when I was growing up , but like <unk> , Emma soon brought her to her family , when he has a mate and form his own family .
I said to Emma that time to choose his family had come .
Maybe you think that 30 is a better age in order to sit 20 or even 25 , I agree with you .
But to choose the person that you live in now or now you 're going to get to you now when all on Facebook start to walk towards the altar of it .
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have , and that involves being as intentional in love as you are in the work .
<unk> your family must be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just to do it will work or kill the whoever you choose to do .
So what happened to Emma ?
Well , we looked at that directory , and she found the roommate of a cousin of a cousin who worked in an art museum in another state .
This weak link helped him get a job there .
That 's a job offer a reason to leave the boyfriend with the living .
Now , five years later , it 's special breeding events .
And this married man who chose consciously .
He risked his new career , she loves his new family , and I sent a letter that said , `` Now , the emergency line spaces are not big enough . ''
The story of Emma may sound easy , but that 's what I love to work with .
It 's very easy to help them .
<unk> are like airplanes that are coming out of Los Angeles Airport , which come out somewhere in the west .
Just before the launch , a slight fit in its trajectory makes the difference between land in Alaska or Oregon .
In the same way , at the age of 21 or even the 29 , even the 29 , a good break , a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next few years or even in the next generations .
Here 's my idea worth spreading to all of you who know .
It 's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex .
It 's what I now have the privilege to tell you about how Emma every day : <unk> are not the new <unk> , <unk> their adulthood , get an identity capital , using their weak ties , choose your family .
They wo n't define what they did n't know or what they did n't .
They 're deciding their life today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 years old , I left a <unk> job management for a job that was even more demanding : the faculty .
I was to teach them mathematics to graduate students in New York City schools .
And as any teacher , I applied tests and test .
I gave them tasks .
When the work would come back , I 'll take the grades .
What I called the attention was the I.Q . was n't the only difference between my best and my worst students .
Some of those who had better performance did n't have scores <unk> . <unk> .
Some of my smartest kids were n't going so well .
And that set me to think .
The kind of thing you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade , they 're sure , they 're hard : proportions , <unk> , the area of a parallelogram .
But these are not impossible , and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and for enough time .
After several years , I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a dangerous perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know how to measure how to measure better ways .
It 's the <unk> , but what if you succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn in a rapid and easy way ?
So I left the classroom and went to college to become a psychologist .
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios , and in every study , my question was , who 's successful here and why ?
My research team and I went to the military Academy West Point .
We tried to predict what <unk> <unk> in military training and who are <unk> .
We went to the National School of <unk> , and we tried to predict what children would take away as far as possible in the competition .
We studied professors who are working in really hard neighborhoods , <unk> what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and of those , who will be the most effective in improving the results of their students ?
We partnered with private companies , asking , what about these marketers are going to keep their jobs ?
And who 's going to make more money ?
In all those different contexts , it arose a feature as an important success of success .
And it was n't social intelligence .
It was n't the good look , physical health , and it was n't <unk> .
It was determination .
Determination is passion and perseverance to achieve very long-term goals .
Determination is to have resistance .
Determination is embracing your future , day after day , not only for the week , not just for the month , but for years and working really hard to make that future .
Determination is to live life as if it was a marathon , not a whole speed .
A few years ago , I started studying determination in public schools in Chicago .
I asked thousands of high school students that made my questionnaires of determination , and then I waited for more than a year to see who <unk> .
It turns out that the children with more determination had significantly higher likely to graduate , even when I matched them in every feature that I could measure , things like family income , the results of standardized tests , even the security that they felt when they were in school .
So it 's not only in West Point or in the National School of <unk> that matters . It 's also in school , especially for kids at the risk of <unk> .
For me , the most powerful thing about determination is the little thing that we know about the science of development .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How do we develop purpose in the children ?
What should I do to teach kids a hard job ethic ?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term ? ''
The most honest answer is , I do n't know . What I know is that talent does n't give you purpose .
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that just do n't go ahead with their commitments .
In fact , in our data , intent is not related , or it 's not related to inversely about talent .
So far , the best idea I 've heard about developing our determination in children is something called `` growth mentality . ''
This is an idea that was developed at Stanford University by Carol <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change with the effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when kids read and they learn about the brain and how they change and it 's growing up in response to the challenge , they 're much more likely to die when they fail , because they do n't believe that failure is a permanent condition .
So the growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination .
But we need more .
And that 's where my speech is , because that 's where we are .
That 's the work we have in front of us .
We need to take our best ideas , our strongest intuitions , and we need to test them .
We need to measure if they 've been successful , and we have to be willing to fail , to get wrong , to start everything again with the lessons learned .
In other words , we need to be certain about making our kids more certain .
Thank you .
So we 've got Taiwan , like the daughter of a <unk> , one of my most <unk> memories is my mother <unk> beauty , the shape and the Chinese characters .
Since that moment , I was fascinated by this incredible language .
But for a foreigner , it seems to be as impenetrable as the Great Wall of China .
In the last few years , I 've been wondering if I can break down this wall , so anyone who wants to be able to understand and appreciating the beauty of this sophisticated language that can do it .
I started thinking about how a new method of learning Chinese could be useful .
Since I was five years old , I started learning how to draw each of the strokes of every character in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
Since we only have five minutes , it 's better than we do it in a faster and simple way .
A Chinese academic <unk> 20 characters .
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy .
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of basic literature , enough to read the traffic signals , the restaurants , in order to understand the basic idea of the web pages or the newspapers .
I 'm going to start with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
Open your mouth as much as you can until it 's square .
They get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to take a walk .
<unk> .
If the form of fire is a person with arms on both sides , as if it was yelling like , `` Help me ! I 'm burning ! '' This is a symbol in reality that 's called the flame form , but I like to believe it 's the other way . It 's going to make them work .
This is a tree .
Tree tree tree tree tree tree tree .
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors of a <unk> in the old West .
I call sweeping to these eight characters .
These are building blocks so that they believe many more characters .
One person .
If someone walks back , that 's `` follow . ''
As the old saying , two are company , three are a crowd .
If one person walks their arms , this person is saying , `` It was that big . ''
The person within the mouth , the person is stuck .
It 's a prisoner , like <unk> inside the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we also have the forest .
Put a chart under the tree , we have the foundations .
Put a mouth on the tree , that 's an idiot . Easy to remember , because a <unk> tree is quite an idiot .
Do you remember fire ?
Two fires together , it 's hot .
Three fires , that 's a lot of flames .
Put the fire under the two trees , that 's burning .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two suns together , thriving .
Three together , those are flashes .
Put the sun and the bright moon together , that 's the brightness .
It also means tomorrow , after one day and one night .
The sun comes out on the horizon . <unk> .
A door . You put a board inside the door , it 's the piston .
Put a mouth inside the door , ask questions .
He hit , played someone home ?
This person is coming out hidden from a door , fleeing , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they 're discussing .
Three women together , be careful is adultery .
So we 've already spent for almost 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight transformations will allow them to build 32 .
The next group of eight characters will build other characters 32 .
So with every little effort , they 'll be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters , which is the same thing that learns a <unk> Chinese .
So after knowing the characters , we started creating sentences .
For example , the mountain and fire together , we have a mountain of fire . It 's a volcano .
We know that Japan is the rising sun .
This is a sun placed with the origin , because Japan is in China .
So a sun next to the origin , created Japan .
One person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character on the left are two stacked mountains together one over the other .
In the old China , that meant in exile , because the Chinese <unk> <unk> their political enemies beyond the mountains .
Today , the exile has become coming out .
A mouth that tells you where to go out there is an exit .
This is one slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down the stage . Thank you .
What I 'd like to be dad is the movies I get to see .
I love to share my favorite films with my kids ; when my daughter was four , we saw the magician of Oz combined .
The movie is mastered his imagination for months .
His favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave him a good excuse to wear a bright dress and bring a magic wand .
But when you see that movie so many times , you get to understand that it 's extraordinary .
We now live in and we raise our children in a kind of industrial complex of <unk> shows .
However , the magician of Oz was an event itself .
It did n't start that trend .
The trend really took rise for 40 years later with , curiously , another film whose protagonists , a metal kid , and a <unk> kid who <unk> a girl dressed up as the enemy of enemy .
You know what I 'm talking about ? Yes .
There 's a big difference between these two movies , there 's a couple of big differences between the magician of Oz and all the movies that we see today .
One is that there 's very little violence in the magician of Oz .
The monkeys are pretty aggressive , like apple apple .
But I think if the magician of Oz do today , the magician would say , Dorothy , you are salvation of Oz as the prophecy as it predicted .
They use magical shoes to defeat the armies generated by the evil evil .
But that 's not what happens .
Another unique thing about the magician of Oz is that the most heroic , wise characters , including women .
I started noticing this when I did watch `` Star Wars '' to my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different .
At that time , I also had a son .
It 's just three years old . ''
It was n't invited to projection because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second son , and the level of supervision was down , so slid in the room , and he was struck by the room , and he was impressed as a mom with his stones behind , and I do n't think he understood what was going on , but <unk> everything .
I wonder what it perceived .
Would you be about value and perseverance and loyalty ?
Should it be a sense that Luke will get into the military to overthrowing the government ?
So let 's contrast this with the magician in Iceland in 1939 .
How do he win Dorothy his movie ?
Now , by doing good <unk> with everyone and being a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world that I want my children to grow up Oz , right , and not a world of men who are fighting , which is where we are .
Why is there so much force F , F force in movies for our children , and so little of the way of yellow bricks ?
There 's a lot of literature on the impact of male violence in girls , and they should read it . It 's very good .
I 've not read so much about how kids react to this stimulus .
Now , I know the experience that Princess <unk> does n't give you the right framework that I had served to navigate the world of adults that 's mixed . I think at the moment of the first kiss , I really expected the credit to come up because it 's the end of the movie , right ?
My search is finished , I have girlfriend .
Why do you keep up there ?
I do n't know what I should do .
The movies focused on defeat the villain and get its reward , and they do n't leave time for other relationships or other adventures .
It 's almost like a child , you have to be a dumb animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a warrior suit .
There are many exceptions , and to defend the Disney princess to any of you .
But they send a message to kids , although they , kids , are not really their target public .
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the patriarchy , but do n't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy .
There 's no model for them .
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children , so real and charming as <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop being war movies .
Of course , the most successful theme of all time continues to appear in classic after classic , each of them about the adventures of a child or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and his son , or two men who breed a girl .
Until , as many of you are thinking , this year , finally came out .
I recommend all of you . It 's already available in stores .
Do you remember what criticism said when he came out ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar has made a princess 's film .
Okay . Do n't let that stop !
Well , almost none of these films passes the <unk> test .
I do n't know if you 've heard about this .
It 's still not yet thrown out and it spreads , but maybe we 're going to start a movement .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book artist , and in the mid-'80s , I recorded a conversation that I had with a friend of the movies that you saw .
And it 's very simple . There are just three questions you need to do : In the movie , there 's more than a female character that has lines ?
So , you have to fulfill the requirement .
Are these women talking to each other at some point in the movie ?
Their conversations are about something else than they like ? Okay ? Thank you very much .
Two women exist and talk about things each other .
It happens . I 've seen it , and yet very rarely I see it in the movie that we know and love .
In fact , this week , I went to see a <unk> movie , <unk> .
Right ? It 's <unk> of Oscar successfully , a consensus idea of what a Hollywood Hollywood film is .
Pretty much , it 's not the test of <unk> .
And I do n't think it should be , because a lot of the movie , I do n't know if you 've seen it , a lot of the film happens in a embassy where men and women are hiding during the court crisis .
We have lots of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hide-and-seek , and it 's the great time for one of the actresses to take a look at the door and say , `` You come to bed , honey ? ''
This is Hollywood .
So let 's look at the numbers .
In 2011 , from the 100 more popular films , how many of them think have female protagonists ?
Eleven . Not bad .
It 's not the same percentage that the number of women we have chosen recently for Congress recently for Congress .
But there 's a larger number that 's going to be disappointed this room .
Last year , The New York Times ran a study that the government had done .
This is what he said .
In the United States , one in five women says that it 's been sexually assaulted once in their life .
I do n't think it 's massive entertainment .
I do n't think movies for kids to have something to do with that .
I do n't think that the video of music or pornography are closely linked , but something 's wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things that I think is there 's a lot of sexual <unk> .
Who are those guys ? What are those guys learning ?
What do n't you get to learn ?
They 're <unk> the story that says the role of a male hero is defeat the villain with the violence , and then they charge the reward , which is a woman who does n't have friends and do n't talk ?
Are we making that story ?
You know , as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing , we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to <unk> .
We have tools to our disposal as <unk> <unk> , and we hope that that will help , but I have to ask , <unk> <unk> is going to <unk> if , at the same time , active or passively , we are educating our children to keep their own male power ?
I mean , I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important , and here I mean mainly the parents .
I think we have to show our children to a new definition of manhood .
The definition of masculinity is radically changing .
You 've read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the <unk> .
It 's all changing .
When I asked my daughter , what was his favorite word for `` Star Wars , '' you know what she responded ?
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What do you have in common ?
Maybe it 's not just the bright dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those movies that you know more than no one , and they love to share their knowledge with other people to get their potential .
They are leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of stories for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want less stories in which I read to my son : Go and fight only and more stories where it looked like their work is to join a team , maybe a team that 's led by women to improve and become better people , like the magician of Oz .
Thank you .
As a child , I lived in Maine , and one of the things that I loved it was to look at sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
They 're covered in sand and it 's hard to see them .
Yet , over time , I got used to look for them .
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me help me .
This became a passion for finding things , in a love of past and archaeology .
And finally , when I started studying <unk> , I realized that I saw with my own eyes was n't enough .
Because suddenly , in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of a mile of length along the Nile .
And my sea cookies had grown into the size of cities .
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery .
To try to make a map of the past , I knew I had to see otherwise .
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use infrared .
This is a place located in the eastern Delta in Egypt called <unk> .
And the place , to the naked eye , seems to be brown , but when we use infrared and we process it using false color , suddenly the place looks like pink pink .
What you 're seeing is the actual chemical changes in the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians .
I want to share with you how we 've used satellite data to find an old <unk> city called <unk> , lost for thousands of years .
<unk> was the old Egypt 's capital for more than 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire roughly 4,000 years ago .
The place sits in <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of the old Egyptian art , architecture and religion .
<unk> have always known that they 've been located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that they built , are the pyramids of the red circles here , but somewhere inside this huge continuous break of deluge .
This area is enormous , it 's about about six miles away .
Before , the Nile <unk> right next to <unk> and as it changed over time , moved to this and covered the whole city .
So how do you find a city below a large landscape ?
And I 'll try to find it random , would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack , with blindfolded and using baseball gloves .
So , we used NASA NASA 's data to make a map of place , very subtle changes .
We were able to see where the Nile did .
But you can see more closely , and it 's even more interesting , this area slightly elevated that you see within the circle here , that we think it might be the location of <unk> .
So we collaborated with Egyptians doing sampling jobs ; you can see here .
When I say it 's sampling , it 's like the <unk> shots in ice , but instead of layers of climate change , we 're looking for layers of human occupation .
Five meters down , under a thick mud layer , we found a dense layer of pottery objects .
This means that in this possible location of <unk> , five meters down , we have a layer of occupation of occupation of several hundred years that date from the Middle Empire , exactly the same period we think is <unk> .
We also found <unk> , <unk> , quartz and cat ; what shows that there was a jewelry shop .
This might seem like it 's not a lot , but when we think about the most common rocks used in the jewelry of the Middle Empire , these are the stones that were used .
So , we have a dense layer of occupation that data from the Middle Empire at this place .
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry shop that shows that what 's been there , it was a very important city .
We do n't find it here , but we will go to the place in the near future to localize it .
And even more importantly , we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they also can perform great discoveries .
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire , probably was written in <unk> 4,000 years ago .
To share knowledge is the biggest of all <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on the ground .
So , according to it , TED was not founded in 1984 <unk> C .
Do the ideas actually have started in 1984 B.C in a lost city not for a long time and found out from high .
It certainly puts the shells of marine shells in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you to close your eyes .
Imagine out outside , front of the door of <unk> home .
I 'd like you to pay attention to the color of the door , to the material that it 's made .
Now we 're going to take a bunch of prey obese .
They 're competing in a bicycle bike race , and they go back to their entry door .
I need you to see this .
They 're <unk> strong , they 're sweating , they 're jumping a lot .
They collide up against the door of their house .
There 's bicycles flying around , wheels that go on its side , put the wheels that end up in <unk> places . <unk> the threshold of the door .
In lobby , in the hallway , or what 's on the other side of the door , and look at the quality of the light , the light is shining on the <unk> of the <unk> .
He 's waving with your hand .
From his chair , on a brown horse .
It 's a horse that speaks .
You can feel your blue fur by making tickle their nose .
You can smell the oats cookie , and you can smell that it 's about getting into your mouth .
<unk> out on the side and enter their living room .
In the room , and using maximum imagination , imagine Britney Spears .
He 's having little clothes , dancing on his home table , singing `` <unk> One <unk> One More Time . ''
Now follow me to the kitchen .
The ground has been covered with a yellow bricks path , and from the oven coming to you Dorothy , the <unk> Man , the <unk> and the Len , the Wizard and the Wizard of Oz , <unk> from hands , jumping towards you .
Okay . Open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a peculiar competition that takes place every spring in New York .
It 's called the <unk> <unk> of the United States . ''
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist , waiting , I guess , that this was like the end of a wise <unk> .
There were several men and a few different ages of different ages and different habits of hygiene .
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers , looking at them just once .
<unk> the names of tens and dozens of strangers .
We 've got entire poems in just minutes .
You know , you know , I could memorize the guy who could memorize the order of a deck of cards .
And I thought , `` This is incredible . ''
These people must be the phenomena of nature .
And I started talking to some of the competitors .
This one is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England , and he has one of the best trained memories .
I said , `` Ed , when do you realize you were a wise ? ''
Ed replied , `` I 'm not a wise .
Actually , I have an average memory .
All of those who participate in this competition , they say they have normal memory .
`` We have trained to perform these miraculous memory acts using some ancient techniques , invented two years ago in Greece , the same techniques that used Cicero to memorize their speeches , and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books . ''
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How did I not hear about this before ? ''
We were standing outside the room of the competition , and Ed , who 's a wonderful and brilliant English , although a little bit of a <unk> , he said , `` Josh , you 're an American journalist .
Do you meet Britney Spears ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
`` Because I 'd like to teach Britney Spears how to memorize the order in a deck of cards live on national TV .
That would prove to the world that anybody can do it . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not Britney Spears , but maybe you can teach me to teach me .
I mean , you have to start with something right ? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me .
And I ended up going through most of the next year , not only training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why sometimes it does n't work and what their potential can be .
I met a lot of really interesting people .
This is a man called <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very probably the worst memory in the world .
His memory was so bad it did n't even remember that he had a memory problem ; it 's amazing .
Someone incredibly tragic , but it was a window that allows us to see how much our memory makes us who are .
At the other end of the spectrum , I met this man .
This is Kim Peek . In he were based for Ernest Hoffman 's role in the `` Rain Man . ''
We went through a afternoon in the public library of Salt Lake City , memorizing phone books ; it was silenced .
And when you go back , a number of treaties on writing about the written memory does something over 2,000 years ago in the <unk> and then in the Middle Ages .
And I learned a lot of really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having a trained memory , disciplined and cultured , was not a little bit as rare as you can look at it today .
A long time ago , people invest in their memory , to provide their minds .
These techniques have made possible our modern world , but they 've also changed us .
We 've changed culturally , and I would argue that they have changed us also cognitively .
As we have no need to remember , sometimes we seem to have forgotten how to do it .
One of the last places on our planet where you still find people passionate about this idea of a trained memory , disciplined and cultured , is this unique competence of memory .
It 's actually not that singular ; there 's skills like this around the world .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how these people do .
A few years ago , a group of researchers from University College entered a group of memory champions , in the lab .
Would you want to know , have brains in a way , structural or <unk> different from the rest of us ?
The answer was , not .
Are you smarter than the rest ?
They gave them a little cognitive test , and the answer was actually no .
There was a really interesting and meaningful difference between the brains of the memory champions and the control subjects with the comparison .
When they put them into an MRI machine , they would call their brains while they were <unk> numbers , expensive and forms of snowflakes , they found that in memory champions , they 're going to <unk> parts of the brain , different from others .
They actually used , or they were using it , a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation .
Why ? Is there something that we can learn from this ?
This competitive memorization tournament is driving as an armed race where every year appears to someone with a new way of remembering more things , faster , and then the rest of the competitors have to get a day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times a memory champion .
In his desk , in front of him , there are 36 <unk> of pretty messy cards that he 's about trying to memorize an hour , using a technique he invented and he only mastered it .
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise binary digits .
Yes .
And while there 's a lot of ways of remembering things in these skills , absolutely all the techniques used in the end are reduced to one concept that psychologists call `` coding coding . ''
It is illustrates with a elegant paradox , known as the `` <unk> paradox '' -- he says to two people who remember the same word . I say to you . `` Remember there 's a man called Baker . ''
That 's her last name .
And then I 'm asking you , `` Remember there 's a <unk> . ''
And when I go back later , and I ask them , `` Do you remember that word I told you a while ? ''
`` Remember what it was ? ''
The person who was told that their name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who was told that their work is `` <unk> . ''
The same word , different ability to remember -- that 's weird .
What 's going on here ?
Well , the name Baker , actually does n't mean anything for you .
with all the other memories that dance by his head .
But the word , `` <unk> , '' we know <unk> .
They wear these white hats .
They have flour in your hands .
They 're going back home to work .
You probably know some baker .
And when we were going to look at that word for the first time , we started putting <unk> <unk> at some later time .
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data is about two years ago in Ancient Greece .
It 's known as the `` memory palace . ''
The story goes like this : There was a poet called <unk> I went to a dinner with .
They had hired it as entertainment , because before , if he wanted to be a very good party , you do n't bring to a DJ , he would hire a poet .
He stood up , he got his memory and left , and so soon it was , the classroom collapsed .
killing all of them .
But it was not only killed all , but it shattered the bodies <unk> <unk> .
No one could say who was there , nobody could remember where they were sitting in .
So they could n't afford the bodies .
There 's a tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , standing outside , only survivor , in the middle of the rubble , closed the eyes and realized that in his head of his mind , I could see where I had been sitting every guest .
I took the family 's family relatives where their loved ones were in between the rubble .
What we 've been looking at at that moment is something that we all know about or less intuitively , and it 's that no matter if we 're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions for the word of our colleagues , we have visual memory and common space .
If you 're going to tell you that the first 10 words of the story I 've just told you about <unk> , you 're very likely to get it very hard to do it .
But I would bet that if you 're going to ask you to tell who I was sitting on the horse <unk> in your lobby , you would be able to <unk> it .
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and images of images with things that you want to remember , the more crazy , crazy , funny , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> picture .
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago , to the first memory treaties , in Latin .
And how does it work ?
Let 's say you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk , and you want to make it out of memory , in the same way that would have done it Cicero if you had invited him to <unk> 2,000 years ago .
What you might do is imagine you 're at the door of your house .
And to come up with some kind of an absolutely ridiculous , crazy image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely <unk> competition .
And then you can imagine coming home to your house , and see the <unk> of the <unk> mounted on Mister Ed .
And that will remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Cook .
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to tell .
And then in the kitchen , and the fourth subject that you would talk about would be that strange journey that they made for a whole year , and they have some friends to help remember it .
So it 's like the Roman speakers <unk> their speeches , not word for word , that they 're going to confuse them , but typical by typical .
In fact , the typical term , the Greek comes from the Greek Greek , which means `` place . ''
It 's a breath of when people thought in the speaking of the speaking and rhetoric with this kind of spatial terms .
The phrase `` First '' is that it would be like the first place in his memory palace .
I saw this was just fascinating , and I got into it .
I went to some of these memory skills , and I had the idea of writing something long about this subculture of competitive <unk> .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory competition is an pathologically boring event .
So seriously , it 's like seeing a lot of people sitting on writing tests . I mean , the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets kicked out the front .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to be able to write about something .
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people , but I have no access .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to wear it .
So I began to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I sat at the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem , or the names of an old school yearbook bought in a <unk> market .
And I discovered that this was fun .
I would never have expected it .
It was fun , because it was n't just about training the memory .
What it is really about doing is to improve increasingly the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous pictures , cartoons , <unk> , <unk> , absurd and hopefully <unk> , in the eye of the mind .
I was quite hooked with this .
This is me , using my standard training team for memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> and some insurance glasses covered with tape leaving only two <unk> , because the distraction is the worst enemy of memory competitor .
And I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before . I had the idea that I could enter , in a kind of participatory <unk> experiment .
I thought this could serve a good deal for all of my research .
The problem was that the experiment was coming out of control .
And I won the competition , something that did n't have to happen .
Of course it 's cute to memorize speeches , and phone numbers , and you know , this is not the point .
These are just tricks .
Because they are based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works .
And it 's not necessary to put off the memory of memory or <unk> <unk> of cards . To benefit from a little bit of insights about how your mind works .
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
The great memories were educated .
At the most basic level , we remember when we pay attention .
Let 's focus on it when we focus deeply .
The palace , these memory techniques , are just shortcuts .
In fact , they 're not even shortcuts .
They work because they make us <unk> .
It 's sort of a profound processing , a kind of complete attention that most of them are not going to be <unk> around .
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts .
This is how things become memorable .
And if there 's something I want to leave you with today , it 's what I mean , the <unk> I could n't even remember that I had a memory problem , I left me , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose what 's already our <unk> existence on Blackberries or iPhones , not paying attention to being human in front of us , who walk around our side . We 're going to be so <unk> that we do n't even get into a depth of depth ?
I learned firsthand that there are amazing memory capabilities in all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you must be the kind of person who remembers remembering .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you today about the last 30 years of the history of architecture .
It 's a lot to cover in 18 minutes .
It 's a complex theme , so we 'll just give it a complex place : New Jersey .
Because 30 years ago , I am from Doris Jersey , I was six years old , and she lived there at home from my parents in a village called a <unk> , and this was my child 's bedroom .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the bathroom I shared with my sister .
And in my bedroom and bathroom , there was a balcony that gave the living room .
And there 's all the time watching TV . So every time I went from my room to the bathroom , everybody 's going to see me , and every time I 'd come up with me , and I 'd come back in a towel , everybody 's seen me .
And I was like that .
It was awkward , insecure , and I hated it .
<unk> that tour , hated that balcony , hated that room and that house .
That 's architecture .
Right .
Those feelings , those emotions that I felt , that 's the power of architecture , because architecture is not about mathematics , or division of areas , but these gut , emotional connections , that we feel in the places we deal with .
And it 's no wonder that we 're feeling like that , because according to the Environmental Protection Agency , the Americans spend 90 percent of their time under the roof .
So , 90 percent of the time we are surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot .
The architecture determines us in ways we do n't even realize it .
That makes us a little naive and very , very predictable .
This means that when I show you a building like this , I know what you think about : they think of `` power , '' and `` democracy '' and `` democracy . ''
And I know that they think about it because they 're based on a building built two and two years ago by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> that we architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways that we build our buildings .
It 's a predictable emotional connection ; we 've used this trick for a long , a long time .
We used it 200 years to build banks .
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums .
And in the 20th century , we use it to build houses .
Look , these <unk> stable , solid , in front of the sea , away from the elements .
This is very , very useful , because building things is terrifying .
It 's expensive , it takes a long time , and it 's very complicated .
The people who build them , the <unk> and the governments , they 're always afraid of innovation , and they prefer to use ways they 're going to work .
So we found ourselves with buildings like this .
It 's a beautiful building .
It 's the choir Library that ended up in 2004 , in my hometown , and , you know , he has a dome -- it 's got this round , columns , red brick , that they 're leaving <unk> what you can do is to communicate with this building : the kids , the property values , the story .
But it does n't have a lot to do with a library today .
That same year , 2004 , the other side of the country , was finished another library , which looks like this .
It 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we use media in the digital era .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to meet , read and share .
So how is it possible that in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both called libraries , are so completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works on the principle of the pendulum .
On one side is innovation ; the architects constantly drive new technologies , new summaries , new solutions for the forms of life today .
We 're going to get together , and we wanted to get so much , we get away from the people .
All of the black people , we think we 're very well , but we 're dead because we do n't have another option .
We have to go to the other side and go back to these <unk> symbols .
So we do , and we 're all happy , but we 're all happy , but we 're starting to experiment again , and we 're going to swing the pendulum back on , and then again , so we 've done it in the last 300 years , and of course it 's , in the last 30 years .
Well , 30 years ago , we came out of the 1970s .
The architects were busy experimenting with called `` <unk> . ''
It has to do with concrete .
You can guess .
<unk> small , on scale .
Something really hard .
So we 're approaching the '80s , and we started bringing those symbols together .
Let 's put the pendulum back in the other direction .
We take those ways we know that we like and <unk> them .
We added neon and we added bake , and we use new materials .
They love it .
We do n't give <unk> .
We take ourselves together , and we turned them into skyscrapers , that can be medieval biofuels made of glass .
The shapes are <unk> , they won into audacity and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
Experiments grew up to the size of buildings .
crazy .
But it was the 1980s , that was great .
We all spent time in commercial malls , we moved to the neighborhoods , and in the suburbs , we can create our own architectural fantasies .
Those fantasy could be to Mediterranean , the French or the Italian .
Maybe with an infinite amount of bread sticks .
This is what happens to the <unk> .
This is what happens with the symbols .
They 're easy , because instead of creating new spaces , recreating memories of other places .
I know very well , and you all know , that this is not anywhere .
This is Ohio .
Architects are frustrated , and we started making the pendulum swing back in the other direction .
In the '80s and early '90s , we started to experiment with the <unk> <unk> .
We have the historical symbols , we now have new <unk> techniques , and we find ourselves with new compositions , a few ways that are embedded against other forms .
This is academic and <unk> , and it 's <unk> ; you 're totally excluded .
Normally , the pendulum <unk> again in the opposite direction .
But then , something surprising happened .
In 1997 , this building opened up .
It 's the Guggenheim in Bilbao , of Frank Gehry .
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critics and academics and public general were completely agreed on a building .
The New York Times <unk> this silver construction .
The tourism in Bilbao increased by a half thousand percent when the building ended .
So all of a sudden , everybody wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first star architect .
But how is it possible that these forms , wild and radical , how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world ?
And it happened , because the media is surrounding them , and we quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction with these shapes .
The main mayors of the world did .
So everybody believed that if they had these shapes , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon at the beginning of the new millennium country with other star architects .
It happened to <unk> and laugh , and what happened with these few elite architects at the back of the new millennium , actually began to go through the architecture . The digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption .
Think of , for example , how do you use architecture .
A thousand years ago , you would have to have walked to the next village to see a building .
The transportation accelerates : you can take a ship , an airplane , you can be tourists .
The technology speeds up . You can see in the newspapers , on the telly and in the end , we 're all photographers of architecture , and the building is transported beyond its physical location .
The architecture is everywhere now ; that means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture moves so fast .
It 's not a long time to think about a building .
It takes a lot of time to build a building , three or four years old , and in that time , an architect can design two , eight , or 100 more buildings , before you know if that I designed four years ago was a success or not .
Because there 's never been good feedback in architecture .
That 's how we found ourselves with buildings like this .
<unk> was not a two-year-old movement , but 20 years old .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this , because we did n't have a clue how much the <unk> .
That 's never going to happen . I think , because we 're at the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete , of steel or the elevator , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when you apply the pendulum to media , it starts to swing faster and faster , and then we 're going to be in both extremes , almost at simultaneous , and it 's made the difference between innovation and symbol , between us , the architects , and you , the audience .
We can now make a <unk> symbols , with emotional charge , something completely new .
I 'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently .
We were <unk> to replace this building that caught fire .
This is the center of a village called <unk> Island , in the state of New York City .
It 's a vacation community .
But that meant two years before the building was completed , it was already part of the community , and as the drawings looked like exactly the finished product , there were no surprises .
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer , when people started reaching and shared it in social media , the building stopped being a building , it became a media medium , because these are not just images of a building , these are the images that you made from the building .
And as you use it to tell your story , they become part of the personal narrative , and that makes it <unk> with the collective memory , and by carrying these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture .
We can tell each other what we think about architecture , because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us , but they changed the relationship between us and the buildings .
Think about a second in those <unk> librarians .
If that building is built today , first we 're going to the Internet for `` new libraries . ''
They were bombarded with examples of experiment , of innovation , about what a library can be .
That 's ammunition .
<unk> that you can bring to the mayor of locality , people in the nation-state , and tell you that there 's no unique response to what a library can be today .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experiment .
It 's all different now .
Architects are no longer these mysterious creatures that use <unk> words and complicated drawings , and you 're no longer a hapless audience that does n't accept something that has n't seen before .
Architects can listen , and you do n't let the architecture recognize .
That means that the pendulum <unk> in one style , from one movement to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find appropriate solutions to the problems facing society .
This is the end of the history of architecture , and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different from today 's buildings .
This means that a public space in the ancient city of <unk> can be unique and adapted to the measure of modern city .
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad <unk> historical pattern with ideas of what a stadium should be .
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings , because we will finally be ready for the ways that they 're going to produce .
That means that the buildings will occur to the whims of nature and not the opposite .
This means that a parking garage garage in Miami , Florida , can also serve for sports or yoga , or even one can get married there at night .
This means that three architects can dream from the East River , in New York City , and raising half a million dollars of the community together around that cause , no longer a client alone .
It means that no building is too small for innovation , like this little pavilion of names , so <unk> and <unk> like the animals that are going to look at .
Because it does n't matter whether it 's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , what matters is what we build .
We architects know how to make more ecological buildings , smarter and more kind .
We 've been waiting for all of you .
Finally , we 're no longer on opposite sides .
Find an architect , <unk> and work together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot of play .
Buildings do n't just reflect our society , but they give them way to smaller spaces : the local libraries , the households where we formed our children , and the way of the bedroom , the bathroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It just turned a year and he started walking .
And it makes it great , typical of the children of a year , <unk> , as if your body was moving too fast for their legs .
It 's totally precious .
And one of the things that you love to do for the moment is to look in the mirror .
She really loves his reflection .
They laugh and <unk> , and it gives themselves these big kisses and wet kisses .
It 's beautiful .
Apparently , all of his friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do this . And it made me think , when stopped doing this ?
How is it that we 're suddenly not comfortable with our appearance ?
Because apparently , we do n't like it .
Every month , 10,000 people are looking at Google , `` Am I ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , it 's 13 years old and lives in Denver .
And as any teenager , he just wants to be loved and to fit in .
It 's Sunday night .
It 's preparing for next week in school .
It 's a little bit scary , it 's a little confused , because , despite his mom , she says all the time it 's beautiful , every day in school , somebody says it 's ugly .
What her mom says to him and what his friends , or classmates , says , does n't know who to believe .
So it does a video of it itself , publishes it on YouTube , and says to others please leave a comment , `` I 'm pretty or I 'm ugly ? ''
Well , so far , <unk> has gotten over 13,000 comments .
Some of these are so nasty , it does n't even deserve a chance to think about them .
We talk about a healthy , normal teenager , who receives these answers in one of the most emotionally vulnerable life .
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this , mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way .
But what is it going to do this ?
Well , the teenagers today almost never are alone .
They 're under pressure from being online and available all the time , talking , `` I like , '' `` I like , '' saying , by sharing , by publishing , this is never done .
We 've never been so connected , in a continuous , instant , instantaneous way .
As a mother said to me , `` It 's like there 's a party in his room every night . ''
There 's simply no privacy .
And the social pressures they 're going on with that are very cold .
This environment , of being connected , is <unk> our kids to <unk> on the number of `` I like '' that they have and the kinds of comments they get .
There is no division between a life online and real life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what it is real or what it is not .
And also , it 's very hard to know the difference between what 's authentic and what is digitally manipulated .
What is the top in someone 's lives in front of what it is normal in a daily context ?
And where are they looking for inspiration ?
Well , you can see the kind of images that are covers from the girls of now .
<unk> <unk> continue to dominate our <unk> .
The <unk> technique is a routine .
And trends like : # <unk> , # <unk> , # <unk> , # <unk> .
For those of the <unk> , # <unk> means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today .
It 's not hard to see what young people compare .
But kids are not immune to this .
Like those of the superheroes of sport stars , and the singers .
But what 's the problem with all this ?
Well , you certainly want our kids to grow healthy , and be an individual <unk> individuals .
But in a culture obsessed with the image , we 're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to look , the price of all the other aspects of their identity .
Things like his relationships , the development of their physical capabilities , their studies and other aspects begin to suffer .
Six of 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they 're not pretty enough .
These are not trivial activities .
They are fundamental activities for growth as human beings and as humans and to the field of labor development .
31 percent , almost one of three teenagers are not interested in class arguments . They 're going to participate in the classroom arguments because they do n't want to call attention for their physical aspect .
One in five are not attending classes at all during the days when they 're not comfortable with it .
And in the exam season , if you do n't think you 're good enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're thin enough , you 're going to get a note less than your companions who do n't care about it .
And this phenomenon has been widespread in Finland , the United States and China .
And it goes regardless of what these young men actually weigh .
So , to be clear , we 're talking about as you are , not how you 're really .
The low self-esteem of your body is <unk> the academic performance .
And it 's also <unk> health .
The teenagers with time with self-esteem do less physical activity , they eat less fruits and vegetables , engage in more healthy diet that can take them to a mess of food .
They have low self-esteem .
They are more easily <unk> by the people around them and they 're in higher risk of depression .
And we think that 's why this is why they make more risky decisions , like alcohol consumption and drug drugs , dramatic surgery , aesthetic surgery , sexual activity to early ages and without protection and damage .
The search for the perfect body is pushing the health care system , and our government costs billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who believe they 're overweight again , regardless of whether they have or they have no higher rates of <unk> .
17 percent of women do n't present to a job interview in a day where they do n't feel safe in the way you see .
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would be that opportunity ?
It 's about the potential for each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , speaking , by itself , it does n't take you very far .
Not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key ways . The first is we need to instill trust in your own body .
We have to help our teens to develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-worth .
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I was really amazed when I learned that many well-intentioned programs , without realizing , make the situation worse .
So , we must make sure that the program that our children follow is not only a positive impact , but also lasting impact .
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas -- the first is the influence of family , friends and relationships .
These six ways are important points for anyone who would be willing to provide an education in body self-worth .
An education is fundamental , but we deal with this problem requires each of us to take the reins in the business and be a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives .
We defy the current status of the women , and they mentioned in our circles .
It 's not good to have the input of our politicians in <unk> or the size of their breast , or <unk> that determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it 's not a great beauty .
We need to start judging people by what they are , not as you see .
All of us can start by making responsibility for the kind of images and comments we published in our social networks .
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance .
And let me ask you , when was the last time you 'd put a mirror ?
In short , we have to work together as communities , as governments and as businesses , to really change our culture , so that our children will grow to valuing their whole person , valuing the individuality , the diversity , inclusion .
We have to put people who are actually making the difference on a pedestal .
Let 's make a difference in the real world , let 's make them be the ones that go out on the great screen because we will just create a different world .
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they think they see you 're never going to see the ones who are , or to reach what they want in their lives .
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives .
Who 's in mind ?
Your wife ?
Your sister ?
Your daughter ?
His niece ? A friend ?
It could just be the woman who 's two seats away . What would it mean for her if it was released from that <unk> voice in his inside , who haunts it for not having long legs , just lower legs , a kinder <unk> , smaller feet ?
What would it mean for it if we were doing this , and we would have the potential for their potential in that way ?
Right now , the obsession of our culture with the images are behind us all .
But let 's give our kids the truth .
So you know the way you see is just a part of your identity , and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do , and as they make us feel .
<unk> your self-esteem in the rsums of our schools .
Let 's change each one of us , the way we talk about and compare to other people .
And working together as a community , from small groups to governments , so that the little <unk> of a year age today , will become agents of making sure themselves tomorrow .
Let 's do it .
On the fifth of November 1990 , a gentleman named <unk> <unk> came into a Manhattan hotel and killed the rabbi called <unk> Environmental rabbi , the leader of the League of Defense <unk> .
At first , you were initially declared an innocent , but being held by other minor charges , in company of others , started planning attacks for about 12 cones from New York , including tunnels , synagogues , the U.N. headquarters .
Luckily , those plans would be wiped out by an FBI informant .
Sadly , the bomb of 1993 , in the World Trade Center , could n't avoid it .
Later , he would be convicted of their participation in that bombing .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , being an Egyptian engineer , with an American mother , a primary school teacher , the two made everything possible for me to give me happy childhood .
Only when I was seven , our family started to change .
My father taught me a form of Islam , which very few , even most Muslims , get to know .
For experience , I saw that when people take time to interact , it does n't require a lot to get the same things in life .
However , in all of religion , in every human group , there 's always a tiny fraction of people who are so <unk> to their convictions that think that you have to use all of the possible media for everyone to live like them .
A few months before arrest him , he sat down with me and explained to me that in the last weekends , he and some friends had been going to throw it out on the Long Island , to practice .
He told me that I would go to the next day .
We came to the <unk> <unk> that , without knowing our group , was under the FBI .
When I was playing , my father helped me hold the rifle on the shoulder , and he explained to me how to point to the target for about 30 feet .
That day , with the last bullet he shot , I gave the little orange light on the goal and , to surprise all of me , the whole target broke out of the flames .
My uncle turned to the other and Arabic , he said , `` <unk> <unk> . ''
As a parent , such a child .
Everybody , the comment produced a lot of laughter , but only a few years later I understood what they were so funny to them .
You saw in me , the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
Those people later would be condemned by putting one of them loaded with 700 kilos of explosives in the highlands of the World Trade Center , causing a explosion that killed six people and hurt another 1,000 .
I admired those men .
He called them `` <unk> , '' which means uncle .
When I turned 19 , I had moved 20 times , and that instability during my childhood was not allowed to do a lot of friendships .
Every time I started feeling comfortable about somebody already , it was a moment of packing and going to another city .
As always I was the new face of the class I often was a <unk> victim .
secret <unk> my identity to avoid being the white , but being the new class of class , silent and <unk> , was enough ammunition .
So most of the time , I was going on the house reading books , watching TV or playing video games .
For these reasons , I did n't develop social skills , to say gently , and to grow under <unk> , I was n't prepared for the real world .
I was raised by opera by judging people , based on arbitrary indicators , like their race or their religion .
So how could I open your eyes ?
One of the first experiences that had to test my thinking , was during the 2000 presidential elections .
In a <unk> program that I participated in at the National Convention Convention in Philadelphia .
My group would be used in the subject of juvenile violence , as I had been victim of <unk> , almost my whole life , was something that I felt so much passion .
The members of this group came from different backgrounds .
One day , at the end of the convention , I discovered that one of the kids who we had made friendship , was Jewish .
I took a few days to go out of the light this detail , and I realized that there was no crescendo between the two .
I had never had a Jewish friend and quite frankly felt very proud of you could beat the barrier that my whole life had made me believe it was <unk> .
Another crucial moment arose when I got a summer job for Bush Gardens , an amusement park .
I found myself with people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures . That experience was fundamental to the development of my character .
All of life had been taught that the <unk> was a sin and , by extension , all gay gay were bad influences .
By a chance , I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there , in a show , and I could see that several of them were the kinder and less critics that I had seen in life .
Having been bullied , I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others , but it was n't easy for me to treat people kind , exactly the way that I wish I would be treated .
So , I was able to contrast the stereotypes that they had taught me as a child , with the experience of interaction in real life .
I do n't know what that of being homosexual , but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control .
Then you came the Daily Show .
Every night , Jon Stewart made me be intellectually honest about my <unk> , and I helped me see that race of people , religion or sexual orientation , they have nothing to do with character .
In many ways , he turned my felt felt like myself in a moment when I was desperately <unk> .
Occasionally , inspiration can come from unexpected , and that a Jewish comedian had had a better influence in my life than my own father , extremist , was not in vain .
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking , and she told me something that conserving in my heart forever , while he 's alive .
She looked at me with tired of someone who has suffered enough dogmatism and said , `` I 'm tired of hate . ''
At that point , I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all that hatred inside .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
It changed when my family decided to break my father 's relationship to my father and start a new life .
So why did I decided to go out and put in a possible risk ?
Well , it 's simple .
I 've done it because I hope somebody , one day , to who 's going to be able to take violence , can hear my story and understand that there 's a better way . That even though I was given to this violent ideology and <unk> , I did n't get a fan .
On the contrary , I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice .
I do that by the victims of terrorism and their loved ones , because of the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has been produced in their lives .
For the victims of terrorism to speak , against those meaningless acts , like rejection to my father 's actions .
Using this simplicity here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race , that children do n't have to follow their parents ' roads .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you very much .
Right now , there 's a film that 's projected in your mind .
It 's an incredible film .
It 's in 3D , and it has <unk> sound of what you hear and you see right now . But that 's just the beginning .
Your film has scent , taste and texture .
It feels your body , your pain , your pleasure , your pleasure .
It has emotions , anger and happiness .
It has memories , as moments of your childhood you project to your eyes .
And it 's constantly a voice , superimposed on your conscious thought .
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in direct .
This film is your flow of consciousness , the subject of the experience of the mind and the world .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of the human being .
Each one of us is conscious .
We all have an internal film , you , you and you .
There 's nothing we know more directly .
At least , I know that I have an awareness .
I do n't know that you are conscious .
Consciousness is also the reason for living .
If we were n't conscious , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time is the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these internal films ?
Why are we not just the robots that we 're getting to produce in order without experiencing outcomes without experiencing the inner movie ?
Right now , nobody knows the answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible a science of consciousness .
Science , by nature , is objective .
Consciousness , by nature , is subjective .
So there can never be a science of consciousness .
Because for almost all the 20th century , <unk> that vision .
psychology was studying objectively behavior , neuroscience is studying the objectively brain , but no one mentioned consciousness .
Even 30 years ago , when TED started , there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness .
After , 20 years ago , everything began to change .
They were <unk> like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penrose , they said , `` now it 's the time for science to raise consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real explosion , an flourishing of the scientific work about consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental limitations until the moment .
The center of the science of consciousness in the recent years was the search for correlations , correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw something like this in the fantastic work that I presented Nancy <unk> a few minutes ago .
Now we understand much better , for example , the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or to feel pain or feel happy .
But this is still a science of correlations .
It 's not a science of explanations .
We know that these brain areas are related to certain kinds of conscious experience , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to explain that , by saying that this kind of work in neuroscience says some questions that we want to explain consciousness . The questions about what certain areas of the brain do , and what correlate .
But in a sense , those are the easy problems .
No offense to neuroscientists .
Actually , there 's no easy problems with consciousness .
Well , it does n't address the real core mystery of this matter : Why all physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness ?
Why is there a subjective underlying movie ?
Right now , we ca n't understand .
And you can say , let 's give it a few years to neuroscience .
It 's going to become another emerging phenomenon like <unk> , like hurricanes , like life , and we 'll find explanation .
The topics of topics are these emergent behaviors , how do they operate <unk> , how are hurricanes they reproduce , how they reproduce , adapt , adapt and metabolizing the living organisms . They 're all questions about how it works .
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and functions of the human brain as an emergent phenomenon : how we walk , how we 're talking , how we play chess ; they 're all questions about behavior .
But when it comes to consciousness , the questions about behavior are among easy problems .
But the hard problem , is the question of why all of these behavior are accompanied by a subjective experience ?
And here is , the standard paradigm of the emergence , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , actually still does n't have to say .
I 'm a <unk> scientist .
I want a scientific theory of the <unk> that works . For a long time , I was beating his head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work .
But at the end , I got to the conclusion that that was n't working for systematic reasons .
I think we 're going to get into this point .
We have a really wonderful subject chain , great . We get used to this ; physics explains chemistry , chemistry explains biology , biology explains part of psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit in this scheme .
On the one hand , it 's a fact that we are conscious .
On the other , we do n't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific worldview .
I think consciousness , right now , is an anomaly , something that we need to integrate into our view of the world , but we do n't know how .
With an anomaly , like this , you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that we 're going to look crazy , before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way .
There 's some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , who is here today , has one .
His crazy idea is that there is no such hard problem of consciousness .
All the idea of the subjective subjective movie includes sort of an illusion or confusion .
Actually , what you need to do , is to explain the objective functions , the behaviors of the brain , and so they study everything that needs an explanation .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist , based on the brain .
At the same time , for me and for many others , that vision is pretty close to just deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying .
But I 'm going into a different direction .
In the time it 's left , I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising .
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks : space , time and mass .
We have fundamental laws that govern , like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics .
These fundamental laws and fundamental properties are not explaining in terms of anything else 's basic basics .
Instead , you think fundamental , and that 's where the world is built .
Sometimes , the list of the fundamental <unk> .
In the 19th century , Maxwell 's found that you ca n't explain electric phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts , space , time , mass , laws of Newton , and so applied the basic laws of electromagnetism , and applied the electric charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern .
I think that 's the situation we find with consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas , space , time , mass , load , then for a matter of logic , there 's the list .
The more natural it would be to store consciousness as something fundamental , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean that suddenly it 's not the object of science .
It opens the way to manage scientifically .
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness , the laws that connect to consciousness with other fundamental concepts : space , time , mass , physical processes .
The physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we could be stamping at a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like this .
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we could stand up on a t-shirt .
We do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Every system can have a degree of consciousness .
This vision sometimes is called <unk> : `` <unk> , '' for all , `` <unk> , '' every system is conscious , not only humans , dogs , mice , flies , even microbes of Rob Knight , the elementary particles .
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness .
The idea is not that photons are smart or think .
It 's not that a photon can be full of distress when they say , `` Oh , I always travel at the speed of light .
I can never slow down and smell the roses . ''
No , that 's not .
But the thought is that maybe photons can have some element of some raw feeling , subjective feeling , some <unk> precursor to consciousness .
This may sound a little bit crazy for you .
How would someone think something so crazy ?
In part this comes from the first crazy idea , consciousness is fundamental .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time and mass , it 's natural to assume that it can also be universal , just like the others .
It 's also worth noticing that even though the idea is <unk> , it 's much less for the people of different cultures , where the human mind seems more a continuum of nature .
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that we think about with the physical process , is <unk> consciousness with information .
Whenever there 's information processing , there is consciousness .
It 's hidden <unk> , like a human being , complex consciousness .

Something very exciting is that in the recent years a neuroscientist , <unk> <unk> , took this kind of theory and developed them rigorously with mathematical methods .
It has a mathematical measure of information integration , which is called <unk> , which measures the degree of information integrated into a system .
And I 'm supposed to have to do with consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an incredible degree of information integration , a high degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse , there is a <unk> degree of information integration , which is quite significant , very important awareness .
But when you get to the worms , microbes , the particles , the degree of <unk> declines .
The level integration of information is less , but it 's not zero .
In the <unk> theory , there will still be a different awareness level of zero .
It actually offers a fundamental law of consciousness : high degree of <unk> , high degree of consciousness .
Moreover , another reason is that the <unk> can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world .
And physicists and philosophers have observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations , but we do n't talk about the reality underlying .
As this explains Stephen Hawking , `` Where does the equations come out of the equations ? ''
From the vision , the equations of physics can be left , but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists basically do , describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this vision , consciousness is the one that puts fire on the equations .
In that vision , consciousness is not found outside the physical world as an additive species .
It 's right there at the center .
This vision , I think , vision , has the potential to protect our relationship with nature , and it can have quite serious social consequences .
Some of them can be <unk> .
I used to think that I should n't eat anything that was consciousness , then I should be a vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and you accept that vision , you 'll get a lot of hunger .
I think that thinking about this , this tends to transform your visions , whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral is not so much the fact of consciousness , but its importance and complexity .
It 's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems , like computers .
What about the artificial artificial intelligence system in the movie `` <unk> '' ?
Is it conscious ?
According to the vision of <unk> information , she has a complicated information processing , integrated information , so the answer is yes , if it 's conscious .
If this is right , there are fairly serious ethical problems that are quite serious about the ethics of intelligent computers and <unk> ethics .
Finally , you can ask about full collective consciousness , the planet .
Canada has your own consciousness ?
Or at a more local level , an integrated group , as the audience at a TED Talk , right now , now we have a collective collective consciousness , an internal film for this full group of movies , different from the internal movies in each of the parts ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think at least it 's a question you should take seriously .
So this <unk> vision , it 's a radical vision , and I do n't know if it 's right .
I 'm actually more sure of the very crazy idea , that consciousness is a fundamental thing , than the second one is universal .
The vision raises a lot of questions , many challenges , like , how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know , and we love it .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we 're going on the right path to a theory of serious consciousness .
If not , well , this is probably the most difficult problem of science and philosophy .
We ca n't wait for it overnight .
But I think we 're finally going to figure it out .
Understanding consciousness is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe we just need the crazy idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria .
I had a very normal profile , a very normal profile .
I went to school , I joined my friends with my younger sisters .
It was all very normal .
And when I was 15 years old , a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to get a community for a community prize .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's very nice , but there 's an obvious problem .
She actually has n't achieved anything . '' And they were right .
I went to school , I had good grades . After school , I had a low profile on my mother 's hair hair , and I spent a lot of time looking at the series of `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' and `` <unk> 's Creek . ''
Yes , I know . What contradiction .
But they were right .
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all .
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability out of the equation .
Years later , I was in the second part of teaching in a high school school education , just after about 20 minutes in the 11 class of legal studies , a boy raised his hand and said , `` Hey , when will you give your speech ? ''
And I said , `` What speech ? ''
Well , I 'd been talking about the law of defamation for some good 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your dangerous speech .
When people in the wheelchair , they talk about <unk> things in school ? ''
`` Usually in the acts room . ''
And it was then when I realized : This boy had had experiences with disabled people like inspiration objects .
And we 're not . And it 's not . And it 's not , it 's true for many of us .
For us , people with disabilities are not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We 're not real people . We 're there to inspire .
And in fact , I 'm on this stage where I do in this wheelchair , and you probably are waiting for you to inspire them . Right ? Yes .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid I 'm extremely profound .
I 'm not here for <unk> .
I 'm here to tell you that they 've been lied to the disability .
Yes , they 've sold the lie that disability is a little bit a little bit a little bit , A capital , a capital M .
It 's something bad and living with a disability makes you remarkable .
It 's not a bad thing , and it does n't make you remarkable .
And in the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more this lie through social media .
You may have seen pictures like this : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one : `` Your excuse is <unk> . ''
Or this one : `` Before leaving , <unk> ! ''
These are just a couple of examples , but there 's a lot of them .
You may have seen one , the girl without hands drawing with a pen in his mouth .
You may have seen a kid who runs out with fiber fiber legs .
And there 's a lot of these images , which are what we call porn inspiration .
And I use the deliberately porn term , because I 'm going to give you a group of people for the benefit of another group of people .
So in this case , let 's go to the disabled people in the benefit of people without disabilities .
The purpose of these images is to inspire them , motivate them , so we can see them and think , `` Well , because of really bad that my life , it could be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But what if you 're that person ?
I 've lost account of the number of times that have been diagnosed with strangers to express that you think I 'm a brave or an inspiration source , and this will happen before my work had a public profile .
It was as if I get excited about the morning and remember my own name , and this is <unk> .
These images , those images are attached to people with disabilities in the benefit of people without disabilities .
They 're there for you to see them and think that things are n't as bad for you , or to put your worries in perspective .
And life as a disabled person is actually difficult .
Let 's take a few things .
But the things that we 're not on are the things you can think of .
They 're not relative to our bodies .
I use the term `` disabled people , '' deliberately , because I was encouraged by called the social model of disability , which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live in because of our bodies or diagnostics .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very pleased with him .
It makes things that I need to do , and I 've learned to get the best of your ability as well as you do , and that 's what happens with the children of those photos as well .
They 're not doing anything out of the common .
They 're simply using their bodies by getting out the best of their ability .
So is it really just <unk> in the way we do it , when we share those images ?
When people say , `` You 're an inspiration source , '' it says a compliment .
And I know why .
It 's because of the lie , because we 've been sold to this lie that disability makes us remarkable .
And honestly , it does n't do it .
And I know what you 're thinking .
I 'm here <unk> inspiration , and you think , `` Oh God , you 're not sometimes inspired by something ? ''
And actually , I know I 'm .
I learn from other people with disabilities at all time .
However , I do n't argue that I 'm more fortunate than them .
Now , I learn that this is a really cool idea to use some barbecue clip to pick up the things that go down . I learn the clever trick of how to carry your mobile phone battery on the battery of the chair .
Great .
We learn from the force and resistance of others , not against our bodies and our diagnostics , but against a world that <unk> and <unk> us .
I really think that that lie that we have sold about disability is the greatest injustice .
It makes us the hard life .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude , '' the reason that that 's lie is because it 's not true , because of the social model of disability .
A lot of smiles in front of a range of stairs has n't ever become a ramp .
Never . <unk> before a television screen will not make the subtitles for the deaf people .
We do n't do a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and something positive attitude turning those books to braille .
It 's just not going to happen .
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl , sitting in his bedroom , watching `` <unk> <unk> <unk> '' is not considered to be seen by being in a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have so low expectations of the people with disabilities that we 're holding up with the bed and remembering our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where genuine accomplishment of people with disabilities , and I want to live in a world where a boy of 11 grade high school is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair .
Disability does n't make us remarkable , but question what you think about what you know about it .
Thank you .
What do we have to see augmented reality and professional football , with empathy ?
And what is the average velocity of a <unk> swallow ?
Unfortunately , I 'm just going to answer one of those questions , so please do n't get rid of it .
When people think of augmented reality , they think about `` Minority Report '' and Tom Cruise <unk> hands in the air , but augmented reality is not science fiction .
Augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it , and people need to know , because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones .
So how do we get to augmented reality ?
The first step is what I wear : Google Glass .
I 'm sure many of you are familiar with them .
What you may not know is that Google Glass are a device that allows them to see what I see .
It will allow them to experience what is to be a professional athlete .
Right now , the only way to be in the field is that I try to make it out .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you fill with your imagination .
We can use Google Glass , underneath a helmet and knowing what 's running over the game of play for 100 miles per hour , blood beating your ears .
And we can know that it feels like a male 110 pounds of us , trying to celebrate it all their way .
I assure you , it 's not nice .
So I 've got some videos to show you what 's using Google Glass under the helmet , and give you an idea of that .
Unfortunately , it 's not images from the NFL practice , because the NFL idea is a submarine up to the surface , but we do what we can .
So let 's look at a video .
Chris <unk> : Come on .
It 's horrible to be <unk> .
Wait a moment . It 's a little bit .
Ready ?
Go !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what 's going to be <unk> in the football field , from the perspective of the <unk> .
You may have noticed that there are people , the rest of the team .
We have a video from them from the University of Washington .
<unk> : mice 54 ! mice 54 ! 54 !
Blue 8 , Blue 8 ! Come on !
Chris <unk> : This is a little bit more like feeling being in the field , but it has nothing to do with being in the NFL .
The fans want that experience .
The fans want to be in the field , to be their favorite players , and they have asked me on YouTube and Twitter , `` You can see it from the angle of an <unk> field .
`` <unk> ? ''
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we get it together , how do we take it to the next level ?
We took it at that level using something called the Rift <unk> , which probably many of you already know .
The Rift <unk> has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created , and it 's not cheap .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh , oh !
No , no , no ! I do n't want to keep playing ! No !
Oh , my God ! Ah !
CK : That 's the experience of a man in a roller Russian rollercoaster .
What will be the experience of a fan when you put a video on Adrian 's video crossing the line , <unk> from a <unk> with the arm before he run and do an <unk> ? What 's going to be the experience of a fan .
When you can be able to run out of the court , throw the ball into the bottom of the network , or do you try to make a carbon-free switch ?
What will be their experience when you go from a mountain to over 100 miles an hour as a Olympic skier ?
Maybe you get the diapers of diapers to adults .
But this is not even augmented reality .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How do we achieve augmented reality , <unk> ?
By the augmented reality , when the coaches , the <unk> and the owners see the information that people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our teams ?
How do we use it to win games ? ''
Because they always use technology to win .
They like to win . It gives you money .
So , here 's a quick refresher on the NFL .
In 1965 , the Baltimore <unk> had a <unk> on her <unk> field to play faster .
They won the Super Bowl that year .
Other teams decided to imitate them .
More people saw the game because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , the NFL put radios on the headset of the countryside and then after the defenses .
They had more viewers , because it was faster , more fun .
In <unk> , imagine you 're a player going back to your group , and you see your next hand , you have shown in front of you , in a plastic bombsight you 're wearing , you wo n't have to worry about forgetting a move .
or to memorize the strategy .
Just go out to the field and react .
And the coaches want it because if they do n't follow their instructions , they lose games , and they hate losing games .
If you lose games , you 'll fall as a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But augmented reality is not just a manual search manual .
Augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game .
How would you do that ?
Well , a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium by having a view from the top of the people that are down .
You also get information from the headset of the headset , and the <unk> , something that 's already working on .
And all that information is sent to your players .
The good teams will know it .
The bad guys will have information overload .
It 's going to take the good equipment out of the bad guys .
So your computer team will be as important as your scouts , and data analysis will stop being nerds .
It 's also for athletes . Who would have imagined ?
How would it be in the field ?
Imagine that they 're the field of field .
It 's <unk> the ball and <unk> .
It 's an open receiver . Suddenly , a flashlight on the left of your bombsight will tell you that a defense behind you is going to <unk> . Usually , you do n't see it , but the <unk> system will tell you .
They 're going to take the area of protection .
Another flashlight tells you that there 's an open receiver .
You 're going to get off the ball , but you 're breaking down .
And the ball loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where to land , though , the receiver sees in its bombsight , a patch of grass that lights up and can change the race .
He 's coming , he takes the ball , he runs and democracy .
The audience goes crazy , and the fans have followed the move from every angle .
This is something that will create massive emotion in the game .
I 'm going to do a lot of people see that , because people want to live that experience .
The fans want to be in the field .
They want to be their favorite player .
Augmented reality will be part of sport , because it 's too profitable to not be .
But what I ask them is : Do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality ?
We 're going to use it just like bread and circus , like our usual entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think we can use augmented reality to foster empathy among human beings , to show someone what it is , literally , will be somewhere else 's place .
We know what this technology is worth for sports .
It generates billions of revenue a year .
But how much is this technology for a professor in the classroom trying to show a <unk> how harmful are their actions from the perspective of the victim ?
How much do this technology do for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show to the world how they live being pursued ?
How much is it worth a Hadfield , or a Neil Tyson Tyson , trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of quarterly notes and <unk> ?
Ladies and gentlemen , augmented reality comes up .
The questions we do , the decisions we take , and the challenges we face , they depend on , like always , of us .
Thank you .
I recently retire after 23 years of service in the <unk> <unk> of California .
Most of those 23 years ago , I spent the country <unk> the South County of <unk> County , which includes the Golden Gate Bridge .
The bridge is an iconic structure , known for its beautiful view of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its inspiring architectural style .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , being one of the most used places in the world .
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937 .
Joseph <unk> , <unk> boss of building the bridge , said that , `` The bridge is practically testing of suicide .
suicide from the bridge is not practical and likely . ''
But from its openness , over 1,600 people have jumped to death from that bridge .
Some of you think that travel between the two towers will take you another dimension , this bridge has become idealized as such as that , so that each one from it is released from all your worries and pain , and the waters that go underneath your soul .
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide .
After a free fall of four to five seconds , the body hits the water about 120 miles an hour .
The impact is breaking the bones , some of which will make vital organs .
Most of the people die in the impact .
The ones that do n't , usually they 're going to get into the water helpless and then drown .
I do n't think that those who are doing this method of suicide realizing the death method they will face .
This is the wire .
Except around the two towers , there 's 32 inches of parallel steel on the bridge .
This is where most people are in order to get their life off .
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge , and in its darkest moment , it 's very hard to bring them back .
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to a official in his life .
I want to tell you with joy that we succeeded on that day to bring it back over the railing .
When I started working on the bridge , we had no formal training .
And we 'd come to channel to channel this way through these calls .
This was not just a bad service to those who would deny suicide , but the officers also .
We 've come a long way since then .
Today , veterans and psychologists train new officers .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met him on the July 22 last year when you receive a call from a <unk> subject sitting in the cords near the center .
<unk> , and when I arrived , he looked at Jason talking with an officer of the Golden Gate Bridge .
Jason was only 32 years old , and he had flown up here from New Jersey .
In fact , I had flown up here two times before from New Jersey to try to commit suicide from this bridge .
After about an hour , talking to Jason , we asked ourselves if we knew the story of Pandora 's box .
So , <unk> the Greek mythology , <unk> created Pandora , and sent it to the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never , never open that box . ''
Well , one day , curiosity had more than Pandora , and she opened the box .
From it out of pests , sorrows , and all kinds of evils against man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
So Jason asked , `` What if you open the box and there 's no hope ? ''
There was a few moments , leaned on the right , and it was .
This kind of kind and smart , smart guy in New Jersey had just gone to life .
I talked to the parents of Jason at the night , and I guess when I was talking to them , it did n't seem to be ringing very well , because the next day , the family rabbi called me to see me how he was .
The parents of Jason had asked .
<unk> damage of suicide affects a lot of people .
I ask you these questions : What would you do if a member of your family , a friend or somebody else was a suicide bomber ?
What would you say ?
Let me tell you what to say ?
In my experience , it 's not just to speak , but you have to listen to .
Listening to understanding .
Do n't stop , <unk> , or tell the person you know how it feels , because you probably do n't know it .
Just being there , you can be the inflection point you need .
If you think that someone is suicide , you 're not afraid of <unk> and ask the question .
A way to ask them the question is , `` Other people in similar circumstances have thought to end your life ; you 've had these thoughts ? ''
<unk> the person in front of them can save the lives and be the turning point for them .
Other signs to look for : despair , believe that things are terrible , and they never go to better ; they 're going to be able to believe that there 's nothing you can do about it -- social isolation , and a lost interest in life .
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago , and I got an email from a lady , and I 'd like to read your letter .
She lost his son on the 19th of January this year , and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago , and it 's with his permission and blessing that I read it .
`` Hi , Kevin . I imagine you 're at the TED conference .
It must be a whole experience to be there .
I 'm thinking I should go to the bridge this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you a note .
I hope you can tell a lot of people , and go home and talk about it to your friends you tell your friends and so on .
I 'm still pretty numb , but noticing more moments of realizing that Mike wo n't go home .
Mike was driving from <unk> to San Francisco to see my father 's Day 19 .
He never got there .
I called the police of <unk> and what has been missing that night .
The next morning , two officers came to my house , and they reported that the car of Mike was down the bridge .
A witness had seen it from the bridge to the <unk> of the previous day .
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves .
Who has n't been wrong without having a real mental illness ?
It should n't be so easy to end with it .
My prayers are with you for your fight .
The <unk> , the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , <unk> . ''
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and walk the way that his son took that day , and also the value to go ahead .
I 'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value .
On March 11 , 2005 , I said to a radio call for a possible subject on the sidewalk and near the north tower .
I took my motorbike on the sidewalk and watched this man , Kevin <unk> , standing on the sidewalk .
When he saw me , he crossed the railing immediately , and stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
During the time and a half , I heard , like Kevin talked about his depression and despair .
Kevin decided on his account that day I 'll go back to that lane and give her another chance .
When Kevin turned it back , I 'll plug it up .
`` This is a new beginning , a new life . ''
But I asked him , `` What was it that he made you go back and gave hope and life another opportunity ? ''
And you know what ?
He said , `` I 've heard me .
You stopped talking , you 've just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident , I got a letter from the mother of Kevin , and I have that letter with me , and I 'd like to <unk> it .
`` Dear Mr. <unk> , nothing erase the 11th of March , and you 're one of the reasons why Kevin follows with us .
I honestly , I think Kevin was <unk> to help .
It 's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it 's been properly <unk> .
I took Kevin when I only had six months , completely unconscious of all those traits <unk> , but thank God , we now know it .
Kevin is in order , as he says .
We thank God for you .
<unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> . ''
And at the end she writes , `` <unk> , '' when I visited the General in San Francisco , that night , you 're going to look like the patient .
`` Wow , I had to solve it ! ''
Today , Kevin is a loving father and an active member of society .
It speaks openly about the events of that day and their depression with the hope that their story will inspire others .
suicide is not just something I 've found in work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather killed himself with poison .
That act , despite finishing their own pain , theft of the opportunity to meet him .
This is what suicide makes .
For most of the suicide suicide , or those who consider suicide , they would n't think they hurt another person .
They just want your own pain .
Typically , this is done only in three ways : sleep , drugs or alcohol or death .
In my career , I 've answered , and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and so-called suicide calls around the bridge .
Of those incidents I 've been directly involved with , I 've only lost two , but those two are too much .
One was Jason .
The other one was a man who I talked about about an hour .
For that time , I kept my hand on three times .
At the end , I looked at me , and he said , `` Kevin , I 'm sorry , but I have to go . ''
And he jumped .
Awful , absolutely horrible .
I want to tell you , though , that the vast majority of people we get to contact with this bridge is not diagnosed .
In addition , those few who have jumped from the bridge and lived , and they can talk about it , that one one or two percent , most of those people have said that at the second side of the railing realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge does n't only connect to San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or bridge that we do , is something that all and each of us should work for us to do .
suicide can prevent us .
There is help . There 's hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes you be what you 're not , but in your interior you know what you are , and a question makes you question : How do you become that ?
I have to be something unique in that sense , but I 'm not alone , in any way I 'm alone .
When I became a model , I had finally achieved the dream I had had since I had been .
My outside finally was consistent with my inner truth , with my inner self .
For complicated reasons , I 'm going to go back later , when I look at this picture , I think , what did you do , you 've got this picture , you got it , you got it .
But last October , I discovered that I 'm just starting .
We all embrace our families , our religion , our society , our moment in history , even our bodies .
Some of them have the courage to get off , to get rid of the limited limitations of skin color or by the beliefs of those around us .
They are people who always defy the status quo , which is considered accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my neighbors , many of my friends , my agent even , ignored my story .
I think this puzzle is called an epiphany .
This is mine .
They recorded as a child at birth because of the appearance of my genitals .
I remember my five years in the Philippines , in my house , I always wearing this t-shirt on my head .
And my mom asked me , `` Why do you always take that t-shirt on your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew how to <unk> .
The gender has always been considered <unk> , but now we know that it really is something more complex and mysterious .
Because of my success , I 'll never tell me to share my story , not because it thought it 's a bad thing , but how the world comes to those of us who want to break out .
Every day I thank you to be a woman .
I have Mom , Dad and a family that they accept me as I am .
Many are not so fortunate .
There 's a long tradition in Asian culture celebrating the mystery of gender .
There 's a Buddhist goddess of compassion .
There 's a Hindu god , a <unk> goddess .
And when I was eight , I was at a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries .
I was in front of the stage , and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared in front of me , and I remember that moment as if something <unk> me : This is the kind of woman I 'd like to be .
And when I was 15 , when I still wore a man , I met this woman called <unk> .
It 's the director of a transgender beauty competition .
That night she said to me , `` Why do n't you ever be involved in the beauty pageant ? ''
He told me that if she was missed with his tuition , and the costume , and that night , he won into her bathroom , won on a <unk> , and I won third finalist among over 40 candidates .
That moment changed my life .
Suddenly , I was inside the world of beauty .
Not many people can say that their first work was from transgender women 's beauty of transgender women , but I can .
I also met the god of homeless , especially when we traveled to the remote provinces of the Philippines .
But more importantly , I met my best friends in that community .
In 2001 , my mom , who had moved to San Francisco , called me and told me that passed my request from the green card that I could go to live in the United States .
I stood up .
I said to my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be a queen of beauty . ''
But then , two weeks later , I called me and said , `` You know , if you invited America , you can change the name and your gender identity ? ''
It was all I needed to listen to .
My mom suggested I 'd put two `` and '' to my name .
She also accompanied me when I was left in Thailand at the age of 19 .
It 's curious that in some of the most rural cities do have the most <unk> surgeries , sophisticated and safe .
At that time in the United States , it was necessary to be done before they changed the name and gender .
So , in 2001 , I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at the driver 's license with the name <unk> and the `` F '' gender .
It was a great time .
For some people , their identity document means being able to drive or be able to get a drink , but for me it was license to live , to feel like that .
Suddenly , my fears were <unk> .
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York , and it will be a model .
Many are not so fortunate .
I think of this woman of <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman in New York City who was living his truth , but , <unk> , he turned to his life .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that they live in .
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population .
All 20 of November , we make a global vigil for the <unk> Day of <unk> .
I 'm on this stage because of a long history of people who are <unk> and stood in to injustice .
These are decoding P. Johnson and Sylvia Rivera .
Today , right now , I 'm coming out of the closet .
I ca n't continue to live my truth and just for me .
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame , nor fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , for one day no longer there anymore than 20 from November .
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am .
You 'll do that ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you , thank you . Kathryn Schulz : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Sure . You know , thank you with all my blessings .
To my support network , my parents especially , to my family , which is very strong .
I remember all the times I 've been to young young women , I 've been looking at , and sometimes , when I was called to me and told me that his parents could n't accept it . I took my mom and said , `` Mommy , can you call this woman ? ''
Sometimes it worked , others not . It 's just gender identity , that 's what 's in the center of what we are , right ?
I mean , we all assigned to a gender at birth , and what I 'm trying to do is put on the table the subject that sometimes that block is n't , and there should be a space that would allow him to get people out , and this is a conversation that we should have with parents , with colleagues .
The transgender movement is <unk> compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work to do .
There should be understanding .
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions , and I hope you all are my allies .
KS : Thank you . Very nice . <unk> : Thank you .
In many patriarchal and tribal societies , parents are usually known for their children , but I 'm one of the few parents who is known for her daughter , and I 'm proud of it .
<unk> started his campaign for education defending their rights in 2007 , and when they were released their efforts in 2011 , <unk> the National Peace Prize , became very famous , a very popular girl in his country .
Before that , I was my daughter , but now I 'm his father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if you take a look at human history , the story of women is the story of injustice , of inequality , of violence and exploitation .
You see , in patriarchal societies , right from the beginning , when when I was born a girl , his birth is not celebrated .
It 's not welcomed by his father , not by his mother .
The neighborhood comes , day his <unk> to the mother and no one <unk> the father .
And a mother drives a lot about having a girl .
When it gives birth to the first child , the first daughter , it gets sad .
When it gives birth to the second daughter , he was shocked , and with the hope of a child , when he was born his third daughter , he feels guilty as a criminal .
Not only is the mother suffering , but the daughter , the newborn daughter born , when he grows , he suffers .
At the age of five , when I should go to school , it stays at home and school admits of their siblings .
Until the age of 12 , somehow , it has a good life .
You can have fun .
He can play with your friends on the street , and he can move around the streets like a butterfly .
But when it comes into adolescence , when he 's 13 years old , he 's forced to go out of his house without a male companion .
It 's confined to four walls of their house .
It 's not a free person .
It becomes the call honor of his father and her brothers and his family , and if I was doing the code of that honor , it could even kill .
And it 's interesting that this of honor code , not only affects the life of a girl , also affects the lives of family male members .
So this brother , he <unk> the joys of her life and happiness of her sisters on the name of honor .
And there 's a norm more patriarchal societies that are called obedience .
A good girl should be very quiet , humble and very <unk> .
It 's the criterion .
The model of a good girl must be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be silent and that accepts the decisions of their father and their mother and the decisions of the elderly , even if you do n't want .
If you marry a man who does n't like it or if you marry an old man , he has to accept it , because he does n't want to be <unk> .
If very young marry , he has to accept it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens in the end ?
In the words of a poet , `` The marry , the <unk> , and then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , <unk> the same lesson of obedience to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children .
And this vicious cycle continues and continues .
He got brothers and sisters , when he was born , and for the first time , believe me , I do n't like newborn newborns , to be honest , but when I was there and looked at her eyes , trust me , I was extremely honored .
And so much before I was born , I thought about his name , and I was fascinated with a feisty legendary freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> <unk> , and he called my daughter so .
But when I looked at it , they were all men , and I grabbed my pen , and I plotted it up a line of my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when she grew four and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half years .
Now , you might be wondering , why should I mention a girl in a school ?
Yeah , I have mentioned that .
You can take it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many developed countries , but in poor countries , in patriarchal societies , in tribal societies , is a big event for a child 's life .
<unk> in a school means recognition of his identity and his name .
One school admission means that he 's entered the world of dreams and aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life .
I have five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and they would be surprised , two weeks before , when they were doing the Canadian visa form , and I was in the relative part of the family , I could n't remember my family 's family 's family 's family .
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document .
That was the reason for my daughter .
What my father could not give my sisters or his daughters , I thought he had to change it .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the <unk> of my daughter .
The <unk> to sit with me when my friends came to see me .
He encouraged her to go with me at different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've tried to <unk> in their personality .
And this was n't just for her , just for <unk> .
I 've run all these good values in my school to girls and boys .
I used education for emancipation .
He taught my daughters , taught students , to forget the lesson of compliance .
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called <unk> .
And we got brothers and sisters , we fought for more rights for women , and we fought for more and more space for women in society .
But we found ourselves a new phenomenon .
It was lethal for human rights , and in particular , for women 's rights .
It was called <unk> .
That means complete denial of women 's participation in all political , economic and social activities .
Hundreds of schools were lost .
girls are banned to school .
Women were forced to use <unk> and stopped going to markets .
The musicians were silenced , the <unk> girls and the singers killed .
<unk> millions , but a few talked , and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and <unk> when you talk about their rights .
It 's really scary .
At the age of 10 , he got up and lifted up the right to education .
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog , he was offered her herself for the New York Times documentaries , and he talked about every platform he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
It 's going to be <unk> around the world .
And that was the reason the Taliban could not tolerate their campaign , and October 9 , 2012 , he was shot in the head .
It was a day <unk> for my family and me .
The world became a big black hole .
Whereas my daughter was <unk> between life and death , I whispered to my wife , `` Should I blame me for what happened to my daughter , your daughter ? ''
And he said to me , `` Please , you do n't hurt you .
Let 's take a fair cause .
<unk> your life in play because of the cause of peace , and by the cause of education , and your daughter was inspired by you and he joined you .
They were both on the right path and God protect them .
These few words <unk> a lot for me , and I did n't ask again .
When I was born in the hospital and had severe pains and severe headaches , because his facial nerve was cut , I used to see a dark shadow that was shocked by my wife 's face .
But my daughter never complained .
I used to tell us , `` I 'm fine with my <unk> smile and my face on my face .
I 'll be fine . Please do n't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us , and we would get rid of it .
He got brothers and sisters , we 've learned from her how to resist at the most difficult moments , and I 'm happy to share with you that despite being an icon for the children 's rights and women , it 's like any 16-year-old girl .
<unk> when he does n't run his homework .
You fight with her brothers , and I 'm very happy for that .
People ask me , `` What is special in my mentoring that has made so bold to <unk> so brave , expressive and <unk> ? ''
I 'm not wondering what I did .
Let me tell you what I did n't .
I would n't cut their wings , and that 's it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
I was <unk> the brain 18 years ago , and from that day , the science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I 'm engineering engineering .
And I want to tell you that I recently have joined the <unk> group of Google , where I 've had a <unk> in my own , and the Google visualization of Google <unk> , but all the work I 'm going to talk about today about the science of the brain , I did that before I joined Google or outside of my work there .
Having said this , there 's a stigma when you get into a brain operation .
Are you still as smart or not ?
Now , will you be able to be smart ?
And after neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was n't the gray matter , but it was the dead sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
Immediately after the operation , I had to decide how much to take , over a dozen potent chemicals every day , because if I did n't take anything , I would die in a few hours .
Every day , for the last 18 years , I 've had to decide about combinations and mixes of chemicals , and try to get , to follow life .
More than once I 've saved it by a little bit .
But luckily , I 've got a soul of <unk> , so I decided to do this to try and get the dose of them , because there really does n't exist a clear map to say it in <unk> .
I started to test with different mixes , and I was amazed by seeing how small changes in the dose changed by dramatically my <unk> , my sense of who I was , my behavior with others .
A particularly impressive case : for a few months , I made a dose and the different chemicals for a 20 man , and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed .
I was always angry , I thought all the time in sex , and I thought it was the most intelligent person around the world , and -- of course , many times in the past I 've met several types of guys like this , or maybe some <unk> versions .
It turned out as one end .
But my great surprise was that I was n't trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying , really insecure , fixing a problem that was in front of it , and it just does n't happen that way .
So , I could n't handle it .
I changed my dose .
But , I think that experience gave me a new appreciation for men and what they have to go through , since then I 'm getting better with men .
What I was trying to do is to adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on , it was to regain my intelligence after the disease and the operation -- my creative thinking , my flow of ideas .
I used to think almost always in images , and that became my key point of reference : how do I get those mental images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want it ? Testing new ideas and <unk> situations .
This kind of thinking is not new .
<unk> like Hume , Descartes and Hobbes see things like that .
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing .
There are people who challenge this idea , and there are many discussions about how the mind works . To me it 's simple : for most of us , the mental imagery is fundamental to <unk> thinking .
So , after several years , I 'm able to find the point right , and I have a lot of great mental <unk> , really , really sophisticated , <unk> and <unk> .
Now , I 'm working on how to bring these very quickly these mental images from my mind to the computer screen .
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use their imagination only to run the world on the front ?
Or if a musician could extract the music of his head ?
There 's amazing possibilities with this , as the way that creative people can get to share the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty to do this is simply to increase the resolution of our brain scan systems .
Let me show you why I think we 're pretty close to reach this with two recent experiments that were done by two groups leading in neuroscience .
They both used MRI technology , image of functional magnetic resonance to represent the brain . Here you can see the brain scan done by <unk> <unk> and its colleagues at Harvard .
The column on the left shows the brain of a person watching an image .
The middle of the media shows the brain scanning of that same individual while imagining that same image .
The column on the right is created <unk> the content of the left column , you see that the difference is almost like you .
This was repeating in many different individuals with many different images , always with a similar result .
The difference between seeing an image and imagine looking at that same image is almost like you .
Now , let me share with you another experiment . This is from the Jack <unk> 's lab in Berkeley , California .
They managed to convert brain waves into unignorable visual fields .
Let 's put it in this way .
In this experiment , he showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos , while his brains were brought in to create a great set of reactions in the brain before the video sequences .
Then , I showed you a film with new images , new people , new animals , and meanwhile , a new set of scanning .
The computer , using only the brain data of scanning , would take it to show what it looked like the person was looking at .
And on the right you can see the <unk> of the computer , and on the left , the video I showed you .
This is called to us .
We 're right about doing that .
We just need to improve resolution .
And now , remember , when you see an image , and when you imagine that same image , you create the same mapping .
This was done with the <unk> brain systems that are available today , and its resolution has been a thousand times in the last few years .
We now need to increase resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look .
How do we do that ?
There 's a lot of techniques to do that .
One is opening up the skull and introduce electrodes .
I do n't offer me for that .
Many of them are proposing new projection techniques for images , even me . <unk> with the recent result of MRI , first we have to ask ourselves the following , this technology will be the end of the road ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets , but at this point , the most <unk> magnets offer small improvements in resolution , not increases by thousands of us as we need .
I propose this idea : instead of larger magnets , let 's make better magnets .
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements , like making a <unk> .
And why does this matter ?
In the last few years , a huge amount of MRI effort were to make big magnets , right ?
However , most of the recent advances in <unk> of ingenious solutions and brilliant solutions in coding and <unk> , in the transmitters and frequency receptors in the MRI systems .
Instead , instead of a magnetic field , we use structured magnetic patterns in the wavebands of FM .
So when we combine the magnetic patterns with the patterns of FM processing patterns , we can actually increase the information that can take out of a single scan .
In addition , we can then divide our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands we need .
By using the fMRI , we should be able to measure not only the fluid fluid , but the hormones and the <unk> that I mentioned , and perhaps even the direct neural activity , this is sleep .
We 're going to be able to put our ideas directly into digital media .
Can you imagine if we could move above language and communicate directly through thinking ?
What would we be able to ?
And how are we going to learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter ?
You thought the Internet is a big thing .
These are big questions .
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool to amplify our thinking skills and communication .
Certainly , this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer 's and disease .
We have a few more options to open up this door .
Anyway , pick it a year , will happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine it will take a lot more .
We have to learn how to give this step together .
Thank you .
I 'll talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet , and not in a traditional sense , not just the gay closet .
I think we all have responders .
Her closet may be telling a person for the first time you love , or tell someone who 's pregnant , or tell someone who has cancer , or any other difficult conversation that you have gone through in life .
Everything is a difficult conversation , and although our issues can vary tremendously , the experience of having lived and out of that closet , is universal .
It 's scary , and we do n't like it , and it should happen .
Many years ago , I was working in the South Side of <unk> <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and being there , I had to go through various stages of the intensity of the <unk> <unk> : I did n't know my armpits , quote the letters of <unk> Di and Franco as a litany .
And I 'll be guessing that by the <unk> of my fingers , and because I 'd got my head off , I 'd ask you , I 'd ask , usually , a little boy , `` Hey , are you boy or girl ? ''
And there would be awkward silence at the table .
I took my jaw a little bit more , I would take my coffee with an inch of anger .
The father <unk> <unk> the newspaper and the mother launched a cold look at his son .
But I would n't say anything , and I 'm going to hang on .
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised myself that next time I would say something .
It would be that hard conversation .
So after a few weeks , it happened again .
`` Are you a boy or a girl ? ''
A familiar silence , but this time I was ready , and I was about to get into the women 's issues at the table , and he was dating <unk> .
The Gloria Steinem is .
Even a piece of the `` Vagina Monologues '' that showed .
So I took a deep breath , and I went down to my back , a four-year-old girl with a pink dress , looking at me what 's not a challenge for a feminist mourning , just a girl with a question : `` Are you boy boy ? ''
So I took a deep breath again , I got a little bit of a lot about it , and I said , `` Hey , I know this is confusing .
I have the short hair like a kid , and I 've seen a kid 's clothes , but I 'm a girl , and you know , like you like to wear a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas .
Well , I 'm more than a girl in a <unk> pajamas . ''
And that little girl stares at me , paying attention , and said , `` My favorite pajamas is purple and it 's got a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that was it . It 's just `` Oh . You 're a girl .
What about the <unk> I asked ? ''
It was the easiest conversation I ever had .
And why ? Because the girl in the <unk> and I , both , was honest with the other .
So as many of us , I 've lived in some notes in my life , and yes , often , my walls used to be a rainbow .
But inside , in the dark , you ca n't know what color the walls are .
You just know how one feels living in a closet .
It 's like my closet is not different from yours or yours or yours .
Surely , I 'll give you a hundred reasons why to come out of my closet , was more difficult to get out of your own , but this is the issue : the hard thing is not relative .
The hard thing is hard .
Who can tell me to explain to somebody who have declared them in banking is more difficult than telling it to be fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story that this story is more difficult than telling your five-year-old son that you 're going to get divorced ?
There is no more difficult thing , it 's only hard .
We need to stop combining what 's hard for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our classmates , and we have only to feel empathy because we all live in something hard .
Somewhere in our lives , we all live in partnership , and they can make them feel security , or at least security than the other side of the door offers .
But I 'm here to tell you that no matter what your walls are made , and a closet is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine 20 years ago .
I , who had a horse tail , a dress and <unk> shoes .
She was n't militant ready to fight any four year-old boy who would fit into coffee .
I was frozen in a corner of my dark closet , <unk> my gay grenade <unk> my gay grenade , and he 'll move only a muscle is the smallest thing I ever had .
My family , my friends , full strangers that I 've spent my whole life trying to not be disappointed , and now the world was turning around .
He was burning the pages of a script that we 've all been followed by so long , but if you do n't toss that grenade off , they kill you .
One of my most memorable grenade launches was in my sister 's wedding .
It was the first time most of the guests knew that I was gay , and by making my <unk> lady and heels in my black dress , and my black dress , and she walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents were , people who were known to me .
And after talking a moment , one of the women shouted , `` I love Nathan Lane ! ''
And the battle of the gay story had begun .
`` <unk> , would you ever represent the Castro ? ''
`` Well , yeah , the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never gone there , but we 've heard it 's great . ''
`` <unk> , you know my <unk> Antony ?
It 's very good and never talked about having girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what 's your favorite TV show ? ''
Our favorite program ? Will and Grace Grace ?
And you know who we love ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman , puzzling , but when I desperately got her support , to make me know that I was on my side , finally said , `` Well , sometimes my husband uses pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that moment , like you 've got all the spears lines .
Surely , it might have been easy to indicate where they felt <unk> .
It 's not very hard to find them , and you realize the fact that they were <unk> .
And what else can you ask for someone , but strive ?
If you 're going to be authentic with somebody , you have to be prepared for the authentic thing you get .
So that 's how hard conversations remain without being my strong point .
Ask anyone with the ones that I have left .
But I 'm getting better , and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Girl 's Girl .
Now , please look at this through the gay perspective , but understand that what it involves coming out of any closet is essentially the same .
Number one : Sean authentic .
Take the armor . Be you .
That girl in the coffee had no armor , but I was ready for the battle .
If you want somebody to be genuine , others must know that we also suffer .
Number two : Be direct . You 're going to take your patches .
If you know they 're gay , let 's go .
If they say to their parents that maybe they could be gay , they will maintain the hope that that could change .
They do n't give them a sense of false hope .
And number three , and more importantly -- Let 's leave the complex .
You communicate your truth .
You would never get rid of that .
And some of you can get wounded , you know , get hurt by what they 've done , but it 's never sorry for what they are .
And yes , maybe some people will feel so disappointed , but that 's something in them , not you .
Those are expectations of them about what you are , but not their own .
That 's the story of them , but not you .
The only story that matters is what you want to write .
So the next time you find in a dark closet , you 'll get a grenade , you have to know that we 've all been there before .
And you may feel very lonely , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the evening .
Intelligence , what is that ?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has been seen , an productive example has been the famous quote by <unk> <unk> that , `` The question if a machine might think is as interesting as the question of if a submarine can swim . ''
When <unk> <unk> wrote this as a critique to the computer pioneers as Alan Turing .
And so , a few years ago , we would get a program to try and understand the fundamental fundamental mechanisms of intelligence .
Let 's take a step back .
First let 's start with a mental experiment .
Imagine that they 're from a alien race , who do n't know about the biology of the Earth or the neuroscience of the Earth or the intelligence of the Earth , but they have incredible telescopes , and they can look at the Earth , and they have incredibly long lives , so you can see the Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , like Earthlings , we know that the reason would be that we are trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if they 're from a alien race that does n't know anything about this , that it does n't have any concept on Earth intelligence , they would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how , to a certain time in time , the asteroids that we would take on the surface of a mysteriously planet will stop by doing it .
And so I claim that this is the same question to understand the physical nature of intelligence .
So in this program that took place several years ago , I looked at a variety of issues through science , through various disciplines , that they pointed to , I think , towards a single underlying mechanism of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there 's been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be accurately accurately in the development of intelligence , and in particular , for the development of universal states that <unk> the diversity of the future possible .
Finally , in the planning of robotic motion , there 's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action to the end of doing complex tasks .
And so by taking all these different issues and <unk> together , I asked , for several years , is there an underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues ?
Is there an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is yes . What you 're seeing is probably the nearest equivalent of an E = <unk> for the intelligence that I 've seen .
So what you 're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force , F , that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action .
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action , or to keep the open options , with the diversity of possible <unk> , yes , to an impending future , tau .
In a nutshell , intelligence does n't like to get stuck .
The intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options .
And so , having this equation , it 's natural to ask : What can you do with this ?
How predictive is it ?
Do you tell the human intelligence level ?
Do you have artificial intelligence ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video that I think , to show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : <unk> research in cosmology have suggested that universes that produce more disorder , or `` entropy , '' in their life should have the more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us .
But what if that cosmological <unk> connection between entropy and intelligence would be a deeper relationship ?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of long-term entropy production , but actually comes directly from it ?
To find out , we 've developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy production in any system that it 's in .
Amazingly , <unk> could spend multiple animal intelligence tests , playing games of human intelligence , and even earning money by trading actions , all of it without having to do that .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
Like a human standing without falling , here we see <unk> balancing automatically a pole using a cart .
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave them a goal .
He simply decided to balance the pole balance .
This ability to balance will have apps for humanoid robotics and human assistance technologies .
This tool capacity will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture .
Also , just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling aside opposite ends of a rope at the same time to release the food , here we see that <unk> can perform a version of that task .
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields .
<unk> is widely applicable in a variety of domains .
For example , here , I can successfully see a game of <unk> against itself , <unk> your potential for play .
So here we see <unk> orchestrate new connections into a social network where your friends are constantly out of themselves and held successfully the network well .
This same capacity of <unk> also has health care also , in energy care , in energy and intelligence .
Here we see <unk> organizing the routes of a fleet of ships , discovering successfully , using the Panama Canal to expand its reach from the Atlantic to the Pacific .
In the same way , <unk> is widely applicable in problems in defense autonomous , logistics and transportation .
Finally , here we 're going to spontaneously discover and run a strategy of <unk> , <unk> in a simulated series of negotiation of actions , successfully rising assets under their management of exponentially .
This risk management skill will have vast applications in finance and safe .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of rules of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as the use of tools , walking upright and social cooperation , all derive from one equation , which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action .
Now , here 's a profound irony .
Let 's go back to the beginning of the term term , the work `` <unk> , '' there was always the concept that if you 're going to make intelligent machines , there would be a cyber rebellion .
Machines would raise us .
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades , we 've had all the concept of cyber rebellion in the reverse .
It 's not that machines first get smart and then <unk> and trying to take over the world .
It 's all the opposite , that the impulse to take control of all future possible is a more fundamental principle than intelligence , that general intelligence can actually emerge directly from taking control , rather than the other way backwards .
Another important implication is the pursuit of the target .
They often ask me , `` How do you look for goals off of this kind of frame ? ''
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligences or to help them understand human intelligence , or to help them understand human intelligence , is the following : intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action , and avoid constraints in their own future .
Thank you very much .
We 're at an inflection point in human history , something between the conquest of stars and losing the planet that we call home .
Although , in the last few years , we 've extended our knowledge of how the Earth fits into the context of the universe .
The Kepler 's Kepler has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars , what points on Earth is only one between the billions of planets in our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope which measures dim light intensity when planets go ahead of them , and they set up a little bit of that light that comes to us .
The data gathered by Kepler shows the sizes of planets in addition to the distance that there are between them and their mother star .
Together , this helps us to understand whether these planets are small and puzzling as the Earth 's planets in our solar system , and also the amount of light that receives from their suns .
Instead , this gives you clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not .
Unfortunately , as we find this treasure of these habitable worlds , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
The year 2014 was the hottest in record .
<unk> and sea ice that have been with us for millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades .
These environmental changes that we have caused to global scale have quickly surpassed our ability to disrupt its course .
But I 'm not a scientist in the weather , no astronomer .
It 's that I study the planet 's influenced by stars , with the hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet .
I could say that we look for alien opportunities for the housing sector .
Now , as someone really interested in the search for life in the universe , I can tell you that the more planets I look at the Earth-like , more enjoy our own planet .
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the newly discovered and the planets that we know better : our solar system .
Take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> , and despite being a little bit further from the sun , it can be a potentially livable world demonstrated by a mission as the Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past , and in part , it 's why we studied both to Mars .
Our <unk> as the `` Curiosity '' track their surface and search for clues about the origins of life as we know it .
The satellites that orbit , like the <unk> mission , take samples from the atmosphere of Mars , and they try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their Goldilocks .
The private companies now offer not just short space flights , but also the tantalizing possibility of living on Mars .
But despite all these <unk> images , we remind us of the deserts of our planet , places that are linked to our imagination with the <unk> and pioneer ideas , compared to the Earth , Mars is a pretty terrible place to live .
Let 's take the extension of the <unk> areas of our planet that we still have to colonize , places really compared to Mars .
Even in the cheapest , highest places on Earth , the air is fresh and full of oxygen by moving through our tropical forests for thousands of miles away .
I 'm worried that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other planets , I 'm going to get a great , sad shadow , the implication and the belief of some that Mars will expect to save us out of this single planet that we know is truly habitable , the Earth .
So I just like to like the moral exploration , I disagree with this idea .
There 's a lot of good reasons to go to Mars , but let 's say that Mars will be there to safeguard humanity is like figuring out the captain of the Titanic to tell us that the party is really going to have place later on the <unk> . Thank you .
But the goals for the moral exploration and the preservation of the world are not <unk> .
No , they 're actually faces of the same coin : the goal of understanding , to preserve life in the future .
The extreme environments present in our world look like aliens .
Only you find closer home .
If we can understand how to create and maintain these habitable spaces , in the hostile and inhospitable areas of the land , maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
I 'll leave you with a mental experiment : the Fermi paradox .
Many years ago , Enrico Fermi , Enrico Fermi , asked , has to realize that our universe has been around for a long time , and we hope that there were a lot of planets in this universe , we should have found some evidence of extraterrestrial life to now .
Well , where are they ?
Well , one possible solution to the Fermi paradox is that when civilizations become advanced advanced enough to consider to keep living between the stars , they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of the planets that we 're using this development .
It 's arrogant to think that it 's only the moral colonization to save us from ourselves , but planetary preservation , the psycho-social exploration can work together .
If we really believe in our ability to connect to the hostile environments of Mars to human presence , then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the Goldilocks on Earth .
Thank you .
A few years ago , I was going to cut my own home .
And while I was on the front porch looking in my pockets , I realized I did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see the window that were on the dining room table , where I had left them .
So quickly , I tried to open all the other doors and windows , and they were all fine closed .
I thought I 'll call a <unk> , at least I had my cell phone , but at midnight , a <unk> might take long , and it was cold .
I could n't go home from my friend from Jeff to spend night , because I had an early flight to Europe in the next morning , and my passport , and my suitcase .
<unk> expensive , but sure that we 're not more expensive than a <unk> at a half night , so I thought , despite the circumstances , I 'd really stop .
I 'm a neuroscientist of a profession , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It piles that the heart rate increases , you 're going to reduce the adrenaline of adrenaline and <unk> the thought .
And when I got to <unk> at the airport , I realized I did n't have my passport .
Well , I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep .
And I started wondering , if there was something I could do , systems that I could put in place , to avoid bad things .
Or at least , if bad things happen , you know , the probability of a total catastrophe .
So I started thinking about that , but until one month later , my thoughts were n't going to go .
I was having dinner with my colleague Danny <unk> , winner of the Nobel Prize , and a little embarrassed he told him that I broke the window , and I had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called retrospective .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein , who had written this a few years before , known as well as the <unk> .
You all know what the <unk> is .
Every time there is a disaster , a team of experts come out and tries to figure out what went wrong . Right ?
In the <unk> , as Danny explains , you look ahead and try to figure out all the things that you might go wrong , next , trying to figure out what can you do to prevent things to happen or to minimize the damage .
So what I want to talk about with you is some things that we can do in the form of a <unk> .
Some of them are evident , others are not so evident .
I 'm going to start with the obvious .
In the house , a place for the things that are easily lost .
This sounds common sense , and it is , but there 's a lot of science that supports this thesis , based on how our spatial memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years , to keep tracking the location of the important things , where it 's good , where the fish are , there are the <unk> trees , where tribes live and enemies .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that will be <unk> in the taxi taxi .
It 's the part of the brain that allows squirrels to find their nuts .
And if you ask if somebody really did the experiment , they cut the <unk> sense of squirrels , and yet they could find their nuts .
They did n't use smell , but the hippocampus , that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things .
But it 's really good for things that do n't move much , not so good for things that are moving a lot .
This is the reason for losing your car keys , reading glasses and passports .
So at home , you get a place for the keys , a hook next to the door , maybe a decorative dish .
For your passport , a particular crate .
For your reading glasses , a particular coffee table .
If you take a place , and they 're <unk> with it , your stuff will always be there when you look for them .
What about travel ?
Take with your credit card photo , license drive , passport , <unk> , your passport , so they 're in the cloud .
If these things are lost or steal them , this can facilitate substitution .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when you 're under stress , your brain releases cortisol .
The cortisol is toxic and <unk> .
So part of the <unk> practice is to recognize that under stress we will not be at the best time , and you have to put systems on your site .
And there are perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision .
And at some point , we will all be in that situation , of having to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one , to help them with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And I 'll talk about a very particular medical condition .
But this is going to be transferred as a <unk> to all make medical decisions , and in fact for decision-making financial decisions and social decisions , any kind of decision that we need to take from that rational assessment of facts .
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says , `` I 've got the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high . ''
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease , attack heart , stroke .
So you 're thinking that you have high cholesterol is not the best , then the doctor says , `` I 'd like to give you a drug that will help reduce your cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And you may have heard about <unk> , and you know it 's one of the most prescribed drugs in the world today , and you 're even likely to know people who take them .
So you 're thinking , `` Yes , <unk> the <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question you should do then , a statistic that you must ask for the most doctors do n't want to talk , and the pharmaceutical companies even less .
It 's for the <unk> , the number necessary to treat .
And what is this , <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or charging out surgery in any medical procedure before they 're helping a person .
And should you think about what kind of statistical statistic is that ?
The number must be one .
My doctor would n't tell me something if they were n't to help me .
But actually , medical practice does n't work like this .
And it 's not the fault of the doctor , and if it 's someone 's fault , it 's from scientists like me .
We have n't really understood the underlying mechanisms .
But the <unk> estimates that 90 percent of drugs works only by 30 percent of the people .
So the number needs to deal with the most widely prescribed <unk> , which is it ?
How many people have to take it before they help a person ?
300 .
This is what the research of researchers <unk> <unk> <unk> and Pamela Pamela <unk> , <unk> independently .
Same thing to explore the numbers .
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack , stroke or another clinically event .
Now you might think , `` Well , one in 300 to drop my cholesterol .
Why not , doctor ? <unk> the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a further statistic , and it 's , `` <unk> of the side effects . '' Right ?
For this particular drug , side effects occur in five percent of the patients .
And those include terrible things : debilitating pain and articulate <unk> , but now they think , `` 5 percent is not very likely to go to me , still to take medicine . ''
But a moment .
So remember that under stress do n't think clearly .
So , think about how to do this with time , so you do n't have to make the game of reasoning in the act .
300 people take the drug , right ? A person has helped them , five percent of the 300 have side effects , that 's 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to get damage to the drug that help you the drug .
I 'm not saying they should or not take the <unk> .
I 'm just saying that you must have this conversation with your doctor .
The medical ethics requires , it 's part of the beginning of informed consent .
We have right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about if you want to take the risks or not .
Maybe you 're thinking that I 've launched this number in the air by the crash in the crash , but actually this number needs to try and look at it quite typical .
For the surgery that 's more done in the old men of 50 , <unk> from prostate prostate , the number necessary to try and do it 's 49 .
So , 49 surgeries for a person who has helped .
And the side effects in that case , they occur in 50 percent of the patients .
Those include helplessness or erectile disfunction , urinary incontinence , <unk> Kosovo , fecal fecal .
And if you 're lucky , and it 's one of that 50 percent of the effects only give you a year or two .
So the idea of <unk> is to think before the questions that you can argue that we 're going to make the conversation forward .
You do n't have to make all this into the act .
And they also want to think about quality of life .
Because you have a choice many times , you want a shorter life free , or a longer life that could be very much pain at the end ?
These are the things they talk about and think about now , with your family and their loved ones .
You can change the opinion of the moment , but at least you 're trained in this kind of thought .
Remember , our brain releases cortisol under stress , and one of the things that happens at that moment is that they go out a lot of systems .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
Face with a predator with a predator , you do n't need the digestive system , or the <unk> or the immune system , because if the body is spending the metabolism on those things , it does n't react very quickly . You could get to the lunch of lions , so none of that matters .
Unfortunately , one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is rational , like Danny <unk> and his colleagues have shown .
So we have to train us to think about the future to these kinds of situations .
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we 're all failing .
We 're all going to fail in the time .
The idea is to think about the future how they might be those failures , to put the systems in the place that helps to minimize the damage , or to prevent the bad things that are going to happen in the first place .
I went to the night of snow at Montreal , when I came back from my journey , my contractor , I set up a lock with a lock along the door , with a key to the door door in the same , an easy way to remember it .
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards that I have n't ordered , and lots of email messages I have n't read .
So I 'm not really organized , but I see the organization as a gradual process , and I 'm doing it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , `` <unk> '' is my favorite musical symbol .
It means <unk> .
If you 're playing a musical instrument and you see a `` <unk> '' in the score , you need to touch <unk> .
Two ' <unk> , even more gentle .
Four ' <unk> , extremely smooth .
This is my drawing of a <unk> tree , and there you see that it does n't matter how many thousands and thousands of `` <unk> '' can have , never <unk> a complete silence .
That 's my definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs , the <unk> , in addition to a little bit of my own story .
The language of French signs came over the 1800s , and over the course of the time , he mixed up with local signs , and they developed the language we now know as <unk> .
So , it has a story about 200 years .
I was born deaf , and I was taught to believe that sound was n't a part of my life .
And I thought it was true .
However , now I realize that it 's not true for anything .
The sounds are a very important part of my life , they 're really in my mind every day .
As a person who lives in a world of sounds , it 's as if I lived in a foreign country , following their rules , to customs , behaviors and norms .
So how do I understand the sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like speakers and amplify sound .
Now , I learn to learn that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example ...
`` Do n't raise the door ! ''
`` Do n't do a lot of noise to eat the bag of chips ! ''
`` You do n't know , and when you 're eating , make sure not scratch those covered in your plate . ''
So I call this `` sound label . ''
Maybe I think about the more sound label more than the average person does it .
I 'm <unk> <unk> .
And I 'm always waiting to make the sound , which is what it 's coming next .
From there , this drawing .
<unk> , for deciding .
<unk> , for continuing .
<unk> , to announce .
You can see the <unk> does n't have notes on the lines .
That 's because the lines already contain sounds through <unk> and spots .
In the deaf culture , the movement is equivalent to sound .
This is the sign for `` <unk> . ''
A typical <unk> has five lines .
However , for me , I can make it with my thumb that does n't feel natural .
That 's why I only have four lines on the paper .
In 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for an artistic residence there .
Before this time , I had worked like <unk> .
During this summer , I visited museums and spaces of different galleries , and while I went from one place to another , I realized that there was no visual art there .
At that point , the sound was the trend , and that called me the attention .
There was no visual art , everything was hearing .
Now the sound has entered my art realm .
Do you get rid of the art of art ?
I realized it does n't have to be like that .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know that it 's not just experienced through your ears .
I can feel it logically , or I can experience it visually , or even as an idea .
So I decided to tell me the sound of sound and <unk> in my artistic practice .
And everything that had taught me in terms of the sound , I decided to leave it and <unk> .
I started to create a new body of work .
And when I presented it to the art community , I was shocked by the number of support and attention I received .
I realized that sound is like money , power , control : social currency .
In the bottom of my mind , I always felt like the sound was alien , it was a kind of a listener .
And the sound is so powerful that it might be <unk> to me and my artistic work , or I could empower me .
I chose to tell me .
There 's a massive culture around the language of speech .
And only because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , to the eyes of society is as if I had no voice at all .
So I have to work with people who can support me equally and become my voice .
That way I 'm able to be relevant to the current society .
So in school , in work and institutions , I work with many different performers .
And his voice becomes my voice and identity .
They help me be heard .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , by asking for their voices , I 'm able to maintain a kind of kind of value , something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate .
If it would n't continue with this practice , I feel that I could be able to forget it , and I would n't have any kind of social value .
So with sound like my new artistic medium , <unk> in the world of music .
And I was amazed at looking at the similarities between music and <unk> .
For example , a musical note ca n't capture and express fully on the paper .
And the same can be said to a concept in <unk> .
They 're both very space and highly <unk> , which means subtle changes can actually affect the whole meaning as much of signals like the sounds .
I 'd like to share with you a metaphor for the piano , so you get better how the <unk> works .
So , imagine a piano .
The <unk> is divided into many different parameters .
If you map a different parameter for each finger , as the facial expression gets , the movement of the body , the speed , the movement of the body , the speed , the shape of hand , and so while the piano is playing , English is a linear language , as if you get a key to the time .
However , the <unk> is more like a chord , you need the 10 fingers simultaneously to express a concept of concept or an idea in <unk> .
If only one key would change the chord , it would create a completely different meaning .
The same thing happens with the music in terms of pitch , timbre and volume .
In <unk> , using these different <unk> parameters , you can express different ideas .
For example , the `` <unk> '' signal .
This is the `` <unk> '' sign .
I 'm looking at you .
<unk> <unk> .
Oh , <unk> me .
Uh oh .
What are you looking at ?
Ah , !
So , I started to think , and if I see <unk> through the lens of music ?
If I had to create a sign and put it over and over again , it could be like a visual music piece .
For example , this is the `` day '' sign , the sun goes out and it gets .
This is `` all the day . ''
If you 're doing it and slow down , I visually look like a piece of music .
All day .
I feel the same thing can be said from `` every night . ''
`` All night . ''
This is all night , in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different types of nights : `` Last night , '' `` during the night , '' `` overnight . ''
I feel that the third has more <unk> than the other two .
This represents how time expresses time in <unk> and how distance to body can express changes in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> -- it 's two hands , the present becomes closer and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back .
So , the first example is a long time ago .
Then , `` Let 's go . '' And the last one , which is my favorite , with a very romantic , dramatic idea at a time , `` Once . ''
`` common time '' is a musical term with a specific rate of four times by compass .
However , when I see the word `` common time '' I think automatically in `` at the same time . ''
Watch <unk> : right , E : left hand .
We have the <unk> through the head and the chest .
[ Face : <unk> , flashlight ] [ unclear ] Time [ unclear ] Time .
Can you do that with me ?
All of my hands on high .
Now we 're going to do so much in your head , like your chest , something like common time or `` at the same time . ''
Yeah , very well .
That means `` <unk> '' in the international system .
The international system , as a note , is a visual tool to help communicate in every culture and the signs of signs around the world .
The second one that I 'd like to show you is this . Please do it again .
And now this .
It means `` colonization '' in the <unk> .
Now , the third one . Please follow me again .
And again .
It 's `` lighting '' in <unk> .
We 're going to do the three together .
`` <unk> , '' `` colonization '' and `` lighting . ''
Good work all .
You see how the three signs are very similar . They all occur in your head and chest , but it takes very different meanings .
It 's amazing to see how <unk> is alive and thriving , like music .
However , today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And just because the <unk> does n't have sounds , it does n't automatically have social value .
We have to start questioning what defines social value and allowing the <unk> to develop its own value , without sound .
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society .
And maybe people understand that you do n't have to be deaf to learn <unk> .
<unk> is a treasure treasure , and I 'd like you to have the same experience .
I 'd like to invite you to open your ears , open your eyes , to participate in our culture and experience of our visual language .
And you never know , you can even fall in love with us .
Thank you .
Denise <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
My parents , my parents said to me , `` You can get it all , but then you have to clean . ''
Freedom means responsibility .
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence or a bubble of ignorance , I should say , because the adults would lie to protect us from the horrible truth .
When I get older , I found that the adults also <unk> , and they 're not very good at cleaning each other .
Time happened , now I 'm an adult and I teach citizens and invention in the Hong Kong Hong Kong .
You do n't have to wait a lot for my students to walk through the beach and lots of garbage piles .
So as good citizens , we cleaned the beaches , and not drinking alcohol , and if you 're , I did n't give it .
It 's sad to say , but more than 80 percent of the ocean contain plastic .
It 's kind of creepy .
And over the last few decades , we 've been coming out with these big ships and networks , to collect those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope , and we classify them and put this information on a map .
But hard , it 's very expensive and it 's very expensive and it 's also too risky to use those huge boats .
So along with my students , with age six to 15 years , we dream to invent a better way .
We 've transformed our tiny little classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop .
We started building this <unk> table so that the <unk> kids can also participate in .
And I 'll tell you , the kids who manipulate electrical tools feel great and secure .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to plastic .
We collect plastic , and we reduce it the size we find it in the ocean , which is very small , because of their fragmentation .
That 's what we do .
I 'll leave you with my students .
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to figure out something that we expect to work .
So we decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic , just information that are just information .
By use of a robot , we take a picture of this plastic -- kids get very much very excited about robots .
And then we quickly created what we call `` a prototype . ''
We 're so quick in creating prototypes that we ended up before lunch .
And we took light bulbs and cameras on accessories and we gather it into a floating robot that 's slowly moving through the water and by plastic we have there , and this is the picture captured by the robot .
We see the pieces of plastic , slowly floating through the sensor as the computer on board process this image and measure the size of each particle , to get a measure of plastic in the water .
So , you know , we take this invention step into a website for inventors called `` <unk> , '' with the hope that someone will improve it even more .
The cool thing about this project is that the students saw a local , bang , and they 're trying to fix it immediately .
[ I can investigate my local problem ] But my students in Hong Kong are highly informed children .
You see the news , they look at the Internet , and they 're going to get into this picture .
A child , maybe less than 10 years ago , cleaning up a oil spill , only using hands , in <unk> , the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh .
They were very surprised because this is the water you drink , it 's the water where you bathe , the water where they are bathe , the place where they live .
You can also see that water is brown , mud and oil are also brown color , and when it all mix , it 's very hard to see what 's in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
We built a very first prototype of a spectrometer that can burn through all kinds of substances that produce different spectra , which can help identify what 's in the water .
And we had this prototype with a sensor and we send it to Bangladesh .
The cool thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or looking at a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other kids .
[ I can investigate a distant problem ] I was forced to do a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little further , maybe to address a more difficult problem , and also more close to me .
I 'm half Japanese and half French and probably remember , that in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that it started several giant waves , called tsunamis , and those tsunamis crops across the east coast of Japan .
More than 14,000 people died in a moment .
It also gives the nuclear power plant from Fukushima , a nuclear power station near the water .
And today , as a half of 300 tons are still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean .
Today , the entire Pacific Ocean has traces of pollution by <unk> .
If we go to the west coast , we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most of the radiation is gone from the Japanese coast of the Japanese coast , and most of the time , it 's got safe , it 's blue .
Well , reality is a little bit more complicated than that .
I 've come back to Fukushima every year from the crash and research independent with other scientists , the land , the river , and this time we wanted to take children .
Of course we did n't take them , the parents did n't let it .
But every night we reported the control center -- here you see the use of different masks .
It might seem like they did n't take the work seriously , but they did because they 're going to have to live with her entire life .
Together with them , we discuss the data that day and we talked about what we were going to do next , the strategies , the <unk> and so on .
And to do this , we created a <unk> <unk> map of the region around the nuclear power plant .
We created the lift map , we introduced pigments to represent real-time data from radioactivity , and <unk> water to simulate the rain .
With this , we were able to notice that the radioactive powder is going to get away from the top of the mountain to the <unk> system and <unk> in the ocean .
It was a <unk> estimate .
But based on this we organized a civil expedition , the closest to the nuclear power to the date .
We zoom in until 1.5 kilometers from the nuclear power , and with the help of fishermen from the area , we were collecting sediments from the sea floor with a <unk> of sediment as we invent and build .
Here we see a progression : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , to a global problem .
And it 's been really exciting to work on these different scales , also with open source technologies and very simple .
But at the same time , it 's been increasingly frustrating because we 've only been starting to measure the damage we 've done .
We have n't even started trying to solve problems .
I wonder if we should take the leap and try to invent better ways to do all of these things .
So the classroom became a little bit small so much , we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong , and we turn it into the bigger space dedicated to social and environmental impact .
It 's in the center of Hong Kong , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , a bit of biology , of optics , basically , you can build almost everything there .
It 's also a place where adults and children can play together .
It 's a place where children 's dreams can become reality with adults , and where adults can be children again .
Students : acceleration ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We asked things like , can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy ?
For example .
Or can we help in the mobility of the elderly age , transforming their chairs in new electric vehicles ?
Plastic , oil and <unk> are terrible <unk> , but the worst legacy we can leave to our children are lies .
We ca n't afford to protect the children of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions .
So , scientists , creators , <unk> , we have to prepare the next generation to be concerned about the environment and people , and so that you can actually do something about it .
Thank you .
Two twin domes , two cultures of radically opposite design .
One is made from thousands of steel pieces , the other one of the silk ones .
One of them is synthetic , the other organic .
One puts over the environment , the other one creates it .
One is designed by nature , the other one for it .
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the raw marble , he saw a figure that will fight for being free .
The <unk> was unique <unk> .
But living things are not <unk> .
They grow .
And in the smallest units of life , the cells , we bring all the information for it for each cell to work and to replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least since the Industrial Revolution , the design world has been dominated by transitioning from manufacturing and mass production .
The assembly lines have dictated a world made out of parts , <unk> the imagination of designers and architects to think about their objects as <unk> from discrete parts with different functions .
But you do n't find <unk> material in nature .
Think of the human skin , for example .
Our facial skins are thin with <unk> pores .
The skins of the back are thicker with little pores .
You 're acting mainly as a filter , the other primarily as the barrier , and yet it 's the same skin : no parts , no parts .
It 's a system that changes its functionality through how variation variation .
Here 's a split screen that represents my view of the divided world , twice as a designer , and an architect to work at the time between the <unk> and the gene , between the machine and the organism , between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right hemisphere , analytics and synthesis , shown in both screens after me .
My job , in the simplest level , is trying to bring these two visions from the world , moving away from assembly and approaching growth .
You 're probably wondering : Why now ?
Why was n't this possible about this 10 or even five years ?
We live in a very special moment in history , a rare moment , where they have four disciplines that offer access to tools that we never had access to before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I created .
Please know the minds and my students ' hands .
We 're designing objects , products , structures and tools through scales , large scale , like this robotic arm with a scope of 24 meters in diameter with a force that some day not very distant to print entire buildings , and graphics to the nanoscale made of genetically modified microorganisms , which shine in the dark .
So here we 've been <unk> out there , an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture , and it has created a screen where every single groove is unique to shape the form of light and heat through it .
In our next project , we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt , and this was for a fashion parade from Paris to <unk> , they 're <unk> -- it 's like a second skin that 's made of one piece , <unk> in the contours , flexible around the waist .
Together with collaborator , 3D printing collaborator , we print this layer and lap with no seams between the cells . I 'll show you more objects like that .
This helmet combines material and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of a scanner scanner .
That designers have access to this high resolution analytical and the synthetic instruments , allowing us to design products that will be prevented by not just the shape of our bodies , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We 've also designed an acoustic chair , a <unk> chair , comfortable and also absorb sound .
The professor Carter , my collaborator , we went back to nature to inspire , and by designing this <unk> pattern , it becomes <unk> .
We took this surface of 44 different properties , which vary in stiffness , <unk> and color , <unk> to the pressure points in the human body .
Their surface , as in nature , changes its functionality , not by addition to another material or another assembly , but we 're continuously going to look continually after material property .
But is the ideal nature ?
No parts in nature ?
I did n't grew up in a religious Jewish home , but when I was a young man , my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible , and one of them came to me and came to define a lot of what I really care about .
As she says , `` On the third day of the Creation , God sends the Earth to grow a tree <unk> of fruit . ''
For that first <unk> tree , there would be no difference between trunk , branches , leaves and fruits .
The whole tree was a fruit .
Instead , the land did grow trees with branches , cortex , rock and flowers .
The land created a world made out of parts .
I often ask myself , `` What would be design if objects were made of one piece ?
Will we have a better state of creation ? ''
So we 're looking for the biblical material , the kind of material that 's taken with fruit , and we found it .
The second most abundant <unk> on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons are produced every year for organisms like shrimp , crabs , scorpions , butterflies .
We thought that if we could tune in to your properties , we could generate <unk> structures in one piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it legal <unk> . We asked a lot of shrimp seals , the <unk> and produce <unk> paste .
We have chemical concentrations , we 've been able to achieve a wide range of properties , from dark , hard and opaque , to light and soft and transparent .
To print the large-scale structures , it 's built up a system with multiple Styrofoam nozzles .
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one , three feet long , 100 percent recyclable .
When the pieces are ready , it stops dry to find a natural form of contact with the air .
So why do we keep designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain microorganisms occurring <unk> that appeared on the first time on the planet , three billion years ago , as we heard yesterday .
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT , <unk> bacteria engineered bacteria to capture rapidly carbon carbon and turn it into sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make their transition without a mesh beam of beam to mesh , and if it grows even more , to windows .
A tree <unk> <unk> .
Working with an old material , one of the first life forms on the planet , with abundant water , and with a little bit of synthetic biology , we 've transformed a structure that 's made of shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree .
And here 's the best part : for these designed objects to biodegrade , in the sea , <unk> the marine life , and placed on the ground , will help rise to a tree .
The match for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system .
We 're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for travel .
To do that , we need to master the bacteria and control their flow .
So as the periodic table , we made our own table of elements : new forms of life created <unk> , made <unk> and <unk> in biological form .
I like to think of synthetic biology as the natural alchemy , only that instead of <unk> metals , new biological functionalities are synthesized inside very small channels .
This field is called microfluidics .
We 'll take our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops .
In our first piece of clothing , two microorganisms combined .
The first is the <unk> .
It lives in our oceans and in fresh water ponds .
And the second , E. coli , the bacteria that lives in the human intestine .
One turns the light in sugar , the other consumes sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment .
But these two microorganisms are not interacting in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They are here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship in a piece of clothing .
Think of it as evolution , not by natural selection , but evolution for design .
To contain these relationships , we 've created a single channel that looks like the digestive tract , which will help you flow these bacteria and to get their own function .
So , we began to grow those channels in the human body , we 'll reduce the properties of the material according to the creative functionality .
If we wanted more photosynthesis , we want more transparent channels .
This is a wearable system , when it stretch from one end to another , 60 meters .
This is half the length of a football field , and 10 times more than our small intestine .
And here it is , like we 're going to be here at TED , our first <unk> , a bright liquid channels with life within clothing .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley said , `` We are <unk> creatures , only half is made . ''
What if the design would provide the other half ?
What if we could create structures that rise to live matter ?
What if we could create personal <unk> that will destroy our skin , we would reduce the damaged tissue and hold on our bodies ?
Think of this as a way of editing biology .
I call this the material ecology .
So , you always have to go back to nature .
So now , you know that a 3D printer prints material in layers .
You also know that nature does n't do it .
It grows . It grows in sophistication .
This cocoon of worm , for example , creates a highly sophisticated architecture , a home within which you 're going to get away .
The manufacturing is not about this level of sophistication .
It does it by combining two materials , but two proteins at different concentrations .
One acts as a structure , the other is the glue , or matrix , uniting those fibers .
And this happens through scales .
The silk worm first becomes in the environment , it creates a tension structure , and then it starts with a cocoon of compression .
The tension and compression , the two forces of life , they manifest themselves in a single material .
In order to understand better how this complex process works , we attach a small magnet to the head of a silk worm , to the row .
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualizing the complex architecture of the cocoon of silk worm .
However , when you put silk worm into a flat patch , not within a box , we realized that we 're going to be a cocoon and still <unk> <unk> .
So we started designing different environments , different scaffolding , and we 've discovered the shape , the composition , the structure of the cocoon , is transmitted directly by the environment .
You often have the silk worms to death inside their cocoons , their silk gets rid of it and it 's used in the textile industry .
We saw that designing these templates , we can shape the <unk> silk without boiling boiling .
They 're <unk> <unk> , and we could create these things .
So we climbed this process up to the architectural scale .
We had a robot that we have made silk templates , and we put ourselves in our site .
We knew that <unk> silk worms to more dark and cold , so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure .
So we created holes or <unk> , to block the rays of light and heat , distributes silk worms on the structure .
We were prepared to get the caterpillars .
We 'd ask silk worms to a online silk farm .
And after they feed four weeks , they were prepared to deal with us .
We put them carefully on the bottom of the scaffolding , and as we <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> eggs , and life starts again , like us , but much , much more short .
Bucky Fuller said that tension is the great integrity , and he was right .
By doing biological silk , biological silk about silk <unk> , all this pavilion .
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks , extra silk worms will knit miles away .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of silk route .
<unk> , after the <unk> , produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 extra pavilions in the future .
So here are the two visions of the world .
An <unk> silk through a robotic arm , the other full empty arm .
If the last frontier of the design is to bring life to products and the buildings around us , to form an ecology of two materials , the designers must join these two visions of the world .
Which brings us back , of course , at the beginning .
Here 's a new era of design , a new era of creation , which takes us from a design inspired by nature to a very inspired nature that demands of us , for the first time , that we do , for the first time .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Hands up if you 've ever asked you , `` What do you want to be from older ? ''
If you had to remember how old they were when they asked them for the first time ?
You can start with your fingers .
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five .
Now raise your hand if the question , `` What do you want to be from older ? ''
It has caused some kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who could never answer the question `` What do you want to be from older ? ''
The problem was n't that I had no interest , but I had too many .
In school , I liked English and <unk> and art and went on websites , and also , playing the guitar in a punk band called <unk> <unk> .
You may have heard about us .
And I generally like to try and persist anyway , for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field .
But over time , this feeling of boredom , this feeling of , this is no longer a challenge , it comes to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I 'm going to join me on something else , something completely different , and I 'm going to get to it , and I 'm sorry , and I 'm `` Yes ! I 've found myself , '' and then again , this point where I start <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I 'd like to go into that .
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first was because I was n't sure how I was going to turn this into a career .
I thought I had to choose one thing , to deny all of my other passions , and we 'd come to <unk> .
Another reason that caused me so much anxiety was a bit more personal .
I was worried that there was something wrong with this , and something bad about me , for nothing .
I was concerned about having a fear of commitment , or being dispersed , or <unk> or my own success .
If you can relate to my story and these feelings , I 'd like to ask you something that I 'd like to have asked me then .
Ask themselves , where they learned to allocate the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things .
I 'll tell you where they learned : they learned it from culture .
We ask ourselves , `` What do you want to be from older ? ''
When we have about five years old .
And the truth is that nobody cares about what they 're going to do at that age .
It 's considered a naive question to make cute answers in the kids like , `` being an astronaut , '' or `` being an astronaut , '' or `` I want to be pirate . ''
You 're going to get the Halloween costume here .
This question is going to us over and over again as we grow up in various ways , the dreaming of them , to high school students , ask them you 're going to pick in college .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be from older ? ''
It 's going to be the cute exercise before what you take sleep .
Why ?
Now , if this issue inspires kids to dream what they might be , do n't inspire to dream with everything that they might be .
In fact , it does just the opposite , because when somebody asks you what you want to be , you ca n't respond to 20 different things , although well-intentioned adults are probably going to laugh and say , `` Oh , what cute , but you ca n't be a craftsman of violins and psychologist .
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Childs , and he is a craftsman of violins and <unk> .
And this Amy Ng , editor of magazine converted into <unk> , entrepreneur , teacher and creative leaders .
But most kids do n't hear about people like this .
All you hear is they 're going to have to choose .
But it 's more than that .
The notion of <unk> life is very idealized in our culture .
It 's this idea of destiny , or the real calling , the idea that every one of us has something to do something to do during your time on this land , and you have to figure out what that thing is and spend your life on it .
But if you 're somebody who 's not connected to this way ?
What if there are a lot of different issues that you 're going to show and lots of different things that want to do ?
There 's no place for someone in that frame .
And so you can feel it just .
You can feel it does n't have a goal .
And feeling like there 's something wrong with you .
There 's nothing wrong with you .
You 're a <unk> .
An <unk> is someone with many interests and creative activities .
It 's a breath for that .
It could help if it divides into three parts : multiple , potential and <unk> .
You can also use other terms that we have the same idea , like scholar , <unk> .
During the time of the Renaissance , the ideal was the one who was okay with <unk> in multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> refers to us as `` scanners . ''
Let 's give you any term you like or make you own .
It seems like a kind of fit into a community , we ca n't agree with one identity .
It 's easy to see <unk> as limitation or woe you should beat .
But what I 've learned about talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website , is that there are huge strengths in this way .
Here are three superpowers .
One : the synthesis synthesis .
I mean , the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> expressed their interests in cartography , visualization of data , trips , math and design , and then started <unk> .
<unk> is a company that creates geographically inspired jewels geographically .
At <unk> and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his eclectic mixture of skills and experiences .
Innovation happens at intersections .
Hence the new ideas come from .
And the <unk> , with all their background , can access a lot of these points of intersection .
The second <unk> superpower is fast learning .
When we <unk> ourselves , we 're interested in something , we 're going to do that .
We look at everything we can have in our hands .
We 're used to be beginners , for having been many times in the past , and this means we 're less afraid of testing new things and coming out of our comfort zones .
A lot of our skills are attributed to other disciplines , and we bring everything that we 've learned to every new area that we 're following , so we rarely started from zero .
<unk> <unk> is a <unk> and an independent writer .
As a pianist , an incredible capacity to develop muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest <unk> .
Before he became a writer , she was a city planner .
He had to learn the highest sales mechanics when they started their practices , and this ability helps to write the compelling launches for the editors .
It 's rarely a waste of time to make what you 're attracted to , even if at the end of the end .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field , in a way that you could n't have anticipated .
The third <unk> superpower is the adaptability . It 's the ability to transform anything that is needed in a given situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes a director of videos , others , computer designer designer , sometimes a teacher , and sometimes apparently , James Bond .
It 's valuable because it does a good job .
He 's even more valuable because he can take on different roles , depending on the needs of their customers .
Fast Fast Company Company as the most important ability for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so quickly and realized that these are the individuals and organizations that are capable of meeting the needs of the market , which we 're actually going to thrive .
<unk> of ideas , rapid learning and adaptability : three skills where <unk> are very adept , and three skills that you could lose if they 're pushed to reduce their goals .
As a society , we have a great interest in encouraging <unk> to be themselves .
We have complex problems , multidimensional right now , and we need creative creative thinkers to deal with them .
Let 's say they 're , in your heart , the specialists .
They came out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeons .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing wrong with you either .
In fact , some of the best teams come out of a specialist and a <unk> <unk> .
The specialist can dive deep and put ideas in practice , and the <unk> offers a breadth of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we should all design lives and racing careers that we 're connected with .
And unfortunately , in fact , <unk> are largely encouraging them to simply be more like their specialized partners .
And once I said this , if there 's one thing you take from this talk , I hope that it 's going to be this : Do you engage with your wiring , whatever it is .
If you 're a heart specialist , then you 've got a heart specialist .
That 's where you give the best of it .
But for the <unk> in the room , including those who you just realized is one of them in the last 12 minutes , I say , `` <unk> with their many passions . ''
Keep his curiosity through those <unk> .
<unk> intersections .
It brings us into our inner wiring , leads us to a more authentic and happy life .
And perhaps most importantly , <unk> , the world needs us !
Thank you .
In the year 1901 , a woman named <unk> took her to a psychiatric institution .
<unk> <unk> , and I could n't remember even the most basic details of their life .
His doctor was called <unk> .
<unk> did n't know how to help <unk> , but I was going to get to it until , unfortunately , in 1906 .
After his death , <unk> did a autopsy , and they found strange plates and landed in the <unk> brain , of a guy who had never seen before .
The most amazing thing .
If I had been alive today , we could n't give it to her more help that the ones that he gave him 13.7 years ago .
<unk> was Dr. <unk> Alzheimer 's .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to receive a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer 's disease .
Now , from 1901 , medicine has been very advanced .
They 've been discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect ourselves from the infections , a lot of treatments for cancer , so many cancer treatments for HIV , <unk> for HIV and much more .
But recently , it has been progressed in Alzheimer 's treatment .
I 'm part of a team of scientists working to find a cure for Alzheimer 's from over a decade .
So I think of this all the time .
Alzheimer 's now affects 40 million worldwide .
But by 2050 , it will affect 150 million that , by the way , include many of you .
If you 're expecting to live up to 85 or more , the possibility of Alzheimer 's disease will be almost one in two .
In other words , there 's the probability that you 're going to go through your <unk> years with Alzheimer 's or helping to take care of a friend or be loved with Alzheimer 's .
In America alone , Alzheimer 's care costs 200 billion dollars every year .
One of five dollars of healthcare is spent on Alzheimer 's disease .
Today , it 's the most expensive disease , and its cost required an increase in five times in 2050 , as the boomers age the boomers .
It may surprise you , but Alzheimer 's is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation .
But it 's been relatively little to fight it .
Today , one of the first 10 causes of death worldwide , Alzheimer 's is the only one you ca n't prevent , to cure or even slow their development .
We understand less Alzheimer 's disease , because we 've invested less time and money in the research of the same .
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research , despite the fact that it costs more Alzheimer 's disease , and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer .
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause : lack of consciousness .
Because this is what few people know , but everybody should , Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and we can treat it .
For most of the last few years , everyone , even scientists , <unk> Alzheimer 's disease .
We think it will be <unk> in a normal , inevitable part of aging .
But you just have to look at a picture of a healthy brain compared to a patient 's brain to see real physical damage caused by this disease .
It 's also a severe memory of memory and mental skills , damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer 's significantly reduce the life expectancy and it 's always deadly .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's found plates , and it landed strange in the <unk> brain a century ago .
For almost a century , we did n't know a lot about this .
We know that they 're made of protein molecules .
You can think of a molecule of protein as a piece of paper it folds out as an origami .
There are places on the paper that they 're cut .
And when it folds well , these burning points end up inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some sticky points are left on the outside .
This makes the protein molecules <unk> each other , forming groups that can form big plates and it landed .
That 's what we see in the brain of Alzheimer 's patients .
We 've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There are a lot of steps , and identifying how to block it is complex , like defuse a bomb .
You could do anything .
<unk> others can make the bomb explode .
You have to find the right step that blocks , and then create a drug that does it .
Until recently , most of you have reduced the wires and expected the best .
But now there 's a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , geneticists , chemists , physicists , engineers , mathematicians .
And together , we 've managed to identify a critical step in the process . Now you 're testing a new kind of drugs that we block specifically this step to stop the disease .
So let me show you some of our last results .
No one out of our lab has seen it yet .
So let 's look at some videos of what happened to test these drugs in worms .
These are the healthy worms , and you can see that they move with normal .
These worms , on the other hand , have molecules of protein that sticks into each other , like humans with Alzheimer 's disease .
And you can see that they 're clearly sick .
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at an early stage , then we see that heal and live a normal life .
This is just a positive outcome , but the research like this shows that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease that we can understand and cure .
After Mrs. years of waiting , there 's real hope for what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But to grow that hope to grow up , of beat Alzheimer 's , we need help .
It 's not about scientists like me , it 's about you .
We need to argue that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and if we tried to , we can <unk> it .
In the case of other diseases , the patients and their families have more research on , and they need pressure over governments , pharmaceutical industry , about scientists and legislators .
That was essential to work on HIV treatment at the end of the 1980s .
Today we see that same unit to beat cancer .
But Alzheimer 's patients often ca n't speak for themselves .
And their families , the hidden victims , caregivers , their beloved loved ones and night , are often too likely to go out and advocate for change .
So it really depends on you .
Alzheimer 's is not , in most cases , a genetic disease .
Everybody with a brain runs the risk .
Today , there are 40 million patients like <unk> , who ca n't create the change they need for themselves .
You 're talking about them , and help demand a cure .
Thank you .
I published this article in the interactive Love column we 're Modern with the New York Times , in January of this year .
To fall of someone , do this .
The article is a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and my own experience as we try to prove it myself one night last summer .
So the procedure is pretty simple : Two strangers are <unk> to become 36 and more personal questions , and then both look at your eyes without talking for four minutes .
Here 's a couple of questions for example .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill , what would be ?
Number 28 : When was the last time you 'd put it to another person ?
And just ?
They 're moving forward , these are increasingly personal .
Number 30 : Tell your partner what you like from him or her , I know very truthful this time , and I gave things that you would n't say to someone you 've ever met .
When I came across this study a few years ago , a really detail really struck me , the gossip that two of the participants had married six months later , and invited all of the lab to the ceremony .
So , it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love , but of course , it was also intrigued .
And when I had a chance to test this study , with someone who knew not particularly well , I did n't expect to fall .
However , we fell in love with , and I thought it was a good story , so I send it to the column we 're Modern .
That was published in January , and now it 's already August , so I guess some of you will probably be wondering : continue together still ?
And the reason I think you challenge this is because they 've done this question over and over the last seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to it .
A week before the article was published , it was very nervous .
I 'd been working in a romantic book in the last few years , so I 'd been reminded of writing about my experience in romantic love in my blog .
But a blog blog can come to a few hundred views like a lot , and those were usually just from my Facebook friends , and I thought that my article in the New York Times would reach probably a few thousand views .
And that turns out a very new burden of attention in a relatively new relationship .
But I had no idea .
The paper was published on Friday at night , and on Saturday , this happened in my blog traffic .
And Sunday , I 've been calling the Today Today and `` Good <unk> America . ''
In one month , the article received over eight million hits , and I was , for saying something , little ready for this kind of attention .
One thing is to foster confidence by writing about their own romantic experiences , but something else is to discover that <unk> life of one has been an international news , and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people were called or write , what they did every day for weeks , always , asked first the same question : still they follow together ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I did a quick search for the mailbox of my email with the phrase : `` still follow together ? ''
And several messages came immediately .
They were students and journalists and strangers , like this .
I was interviewed on the radio and asked him .
Even , I gave a talk , and a woman screamed at the stage , `` Hey <unk> where your boyfriend is ? ''
And I immediately put it red .
I understand that this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship in an international journal , you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it .
But I was n't ready for the wingspan of the answer .
At 36 questions seemed to have <unk> life .
In fact , the New York Times published an complementary article for Valentine 's experiences , which included the experiences of readers to test the study on them with different grades .
So , my first impulse to all of this attention was to be very reserved for my own relationship .
I said not every request that we both to make a public emergence together .
I got a television interview , and he refused the orders of pictures of us two .
I think I was afraid to become the <unk> icons of the <unk> process , a range that I did n't feel at all qualified .
And I understand that people did n't want to know if the study worked , they wanted to know if it really worked , they wanted to know if it was able to produce enduring love , not just an adventure , but it 's real love , but love love .
But this was a question I did n't feel able to answer .
My relationship was just a few months , and I felt , especially people asked the wrong question .
How do you know if we would push together or not , and then I 'll tell you ?
If the answer would be no , I would make the experience of making these 36 questions , less interesting questions ?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997 , and there , the goal of the researcher was not going to produce romantic love .
Instead , I was looking forward to <unk> interpersonal access to college students , using what Aron called sustained , progressive , reciprocal staff .
Sounds romantic , right ?
But the study did work .
<unk> felt closer after doing it . Several subsequent studies also used the protocol , <unk> of Aron as a quick way to create trust and interaction between strangers .
They 've used it for members of the police and the community , and they 've used it among people of opposing political ideologies .
The original version of history , which I tried last summer , which combines personal questions with four minutes of eye contact , was cited in this article , but unfortunately never published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk at a small liberal arts university , and then a student came up to me and said to me with shyness , I tried to study the study and did n't work .
He seemed puzzled by it .
And I said , `` You want to tell you from the person who you did it ? ''
He made a pause .
I think she just wants to be friends .
And I said , `` But did they get better friends ? ''
Did you feel that they were able to get better before testing the study ?
He nodded .
So , it worked , '' I said .
However , I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think it 's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love .
I stumbled across the first time when I was 29 , and I was going through a really hard separation .
I had had that relationship since I had 20 , what was supposed to virtually my entire adult life , and he was my first real love , and I had no idea how or if she could live without him .
So I went into science .
What I could find about the science of romantic love , and I hoped that that could sort of <unk> the heart .
I do n't know if I realized this at the time I thought I just went to research for the book that I was writing , but in retrospect , it seems really obvious .
I thought that if I built up with the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel so bad , I used to feel so bad .
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another .
I 'm more patient with love . I 'm more relaxed .
I have more confidence on demand for what I look for .
But I can also see me more clearly , and I can realize that what I 'm looking for is sometimes more than what I 'm going to demand for me .
What I 'm looking for of love is a guarantee , not only being loved today and being loved tomorrow , but to continue being loved as much as the person I love .
It may be that this is the guarantee that people would ask when they wanted to know if they were still together .
The media story told the media about 36 questions is there may be a shortcut to fall in love .
There may be a way to mitigate something about implicit risk , and this is a very attractive story , because in love makes us feel beautifully , but it 's also terrifying .
But I think when it comes to love , we 're very willing to accept the short version of history .
The version of the story that question : still they follow together ?
And their content with an answer or no .
So more than a question , I would submit to make more difficult questions , questions like , how do you decide who deserves your love and who is n't ?
How will they stay in love when things get tough , and how do you know when to cut and get off ?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads to a relationship , or even more , how do you live with doubt your partner ?
I do n't know necessarily the answers to these questions , but I think they 're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone .
So if you want the short version of my relationship 's story , it 's this ; it 's a year ago , a known , and I was able to apply a study designed to create romantic love , we fall in love , we still follow together , and I 'm very happy .
But in love is not the same thing to remain in love .
<unk> is the easy part .
So at the end of my article , I wrote , `` Love did n't happen . ''
We fell in love with the car , because we took the choice to be .
And I wince just reading it now , not because it 's not true , but because at the time , I had n't considered everything that that election was supposed to do .
I did n't think I would have both to make that decision , and how much times I have to keep doing that choice without knowing before if he always would choose or not .
I want it to be enough to have done and answered 36 questions , I chose to love someone so generous , kind and fun and having expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in the United States .
But what I 've done , instead , is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I do n't really believe .
And what I 'm looking for , and what I might see is that that myth is true , that myth is true .
I want the happy ending implicit in the title of my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the paper I actually did n't write .
But what I have instead is the opportunity to love someone , and the hope that he 's also going to love me , and it 's scary , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised for some lesbian in full mountain , and in a way , I was like a rainforest .
It really affected New York City a while ago , which really affected me but more detail later .
I 'll start with when I was eight years old .
I took a wooden box , and I put a dollar ticket , a pen and a fork in the Colorado somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought some strange humanoids or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later , and we 're going to tell you how our species occupy ideas , for example how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
Anyway , it 's grace , because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still doing boxes .
At one point , I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from tour and surf and all those weird things -- and I was making a collage for my mother .
And I took a dictionary and I took all the pages and I took a kind of <unk> , <unk> by Agnes Martin , the covered in resin and a bee was stuck .
Well , my mother is afraid of bees , and he 's <unk> them , so that I added more resin on the canvas , thinking he could <unk> .
Instead , it happened the opposite , and somehow it seemed that grew up size , as if I was going to get the text with a magnifying glass .
So I did ? I built more boxes .
This time , I started to add electronic elements , frogs , strange bottles that I was finding out the street , all I could find , because I was looking for things all my life , trying to <unk> and tell stories about these objects .
So I started drawing around objects , and I realized that my God can draw in space .
I can flow from <unk> , drawing the same as you do about a body on the crime scene .
And I took the objects out and created my own taxonomy of specimens .
First , the botanical -- that you can get an idea .
Then I did some insects and weird creatures .
It was really fun to draw in the resin .
And it was great , because I started building exhibitions and those things , and I was gaining some money , to bring my girlfriend to dinner , for example , go to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point , I became interested in the human form , sculptures of resin , <unk> of humans within the layers .
It was great , except for one thing : I was dying .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I was going to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
I started drawing on the layers of glass , similar to the drawing on a window , then in another window , and another window , and I had all these windows together that make a three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my work is very big , that I call `` triptych . ''
For the triptych , I was inspired by a large measure in `` The Origin of Sciences , '' by Hieronymus Bosch , which is a painting in the <unk> Museum in Spain .
Do you know it ?
Well , it 's a fantastic picture .
They say it 's a little ahead of time .
Well , `` triptych . '' <unk> this piece .
It weighs 11,000 pounds .
5.5 meters long .
It 's twice as well as 10 meters of composition .
It 's a little bit weird .
Well , that 's the source of blood .
On the left , he 's Jesus and grasshoppers .
There 's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds .
They go from the world of representation , to this edge of analog mesh where they hide .
This is where the creatures with animals are headed to the headlight , ready for <unk> mass in the ocean .
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements .
This is a bird God tied to a <unk> .
Billy Graham is in the sea ; he 's coming up with the dotted platform of <unk> van ; the shelter of Osama Bin Laden , there are all sorts of weird things that you can find if they look very well in the ocean .
Anyway , also a kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and it spits out oil in a hand while the other hand goes out clouds .
Their hands are like <unk> and looks like a mythological being that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in balance .
So it 's a `` triptych . ''
It 's a little bit a narrative .
That 's the hand that it spits out .
And then , when you go to the other side , you have a nose , like a bird 's peak , and it spits out clouds of this nose .
It also has a <unk> tail of a snake tail that matches the `` triptych . ''
Anyway , its tail hit fire on a volcano .
I do n't know why that happened .
Things that go through , you know .
Their tail ends up in a <unk> balloon from art cards made out of 1986 .
Have you seen them ?
They did in the 1980s , as if they were baseball cards of terrorists .
It leads to your time . This brings me to my last project .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings .
Each one is an archive of our culture , through media and material to be encyclopedias , dictionaries or magazines .
But each one is acting as a kind of archive in a way of being human , and they travel in groups of 20 , four or 12 at the time .
They 're like cells , they come together , divide .
And you can walk between them . It 's getting years .
Each one is basically a microscope microscope that weighs 1.3 pounds with a human being trapped inside .
This is a little cave in the chest .
That 's the head ; it 's the chest ; it 's <unk> the entrance .
I 'm going to show you for the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall that 's coming out of the chest , and you cover the penis or <unk> , or whatever you have , a kind of thing that 's going to do .
It 's a quick refresher on these works because I ca n't afford it for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a <unk> body .
This has two heads , and it 's communicating between both .
There are some pills coming out and come in the head of this strange statue .
There 's a little forest scene inside the ribcage .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , just like the boxes that we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This brings me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called Citizens <unk> .
Inside this box , there 's a physicist , a neuroscientist , a painter , a musician , a writer , a radio station , a museum , a school , an editorial arm , which spread all the content we do in the world , and a garden .
We put the box and all the people in it hits each other as particles .
And I think that 's the way to change the world .
When you redefines who it is and the box in which it 's living .
And together we came to realize that we 're all together in this , that this illusion that we 're different , these concepts of countries , of borders , of religion , does n't work .
We 're all very made of the same matter and in the same box .
And if we do n't start to exchange those things with sweetness and graciously are going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do you do when they hurt your head ?
They take an aspirin .
But so that this pill has an effect on pain , first goes through your stomach , your intestines and other organs .
So I 'll take a pill is the most effective , <unk> system for any drug <unk> drug .
The disadvantage , though , is that by <unk> any drug it gets diluted out .
And this is a big problem , especially in patients with HIV .
When you take antiretroviral drugs , these are <unk> to decrease the amount of virus in the blood , and it will increase cells 's cells .
But they 're also known for their adverse side effects , mostly negative , because in the time that it takes to reach your blood stream , they 're going to be transferred , and even worse for the time that it takes to get to their destination , which is where it 's more important : in the pool of HIV .
These are regions of the body like the lymph nodes , the nervous system , the lungs , where the virus is dead and it does n't easily enter the blood stream of patients that are <unk> to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs .
However , after the treatment disruption , the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells .
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a treatment for life managed by oral life .
One day , I sat down and thought , `` Could we get the treatment directly to the virus tank , without the risk of pharmaceuticals ? ''
As a scientist in lasers , the answer was in front of me : lasers , of course .
If you use dentistry , for care of wounds and diabetes surgery , you can be used for anything you can think of , including transportation of drugs .
In fact , we 're using laser pulses in order to open up or drill extremely small holes , which open up and closing almost immediately the cells that are infected with HIV to introduce drugs .
You best ask , `` How is that possible ? ''
We sent a little bit of laser beam into the cell cell and HIV beam of HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that has the drug itself .
The laser goes through the cell , whereas the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microseconds .
Before you even notice , the hole is immediately <unk> .
Today we 're testing this technology in vitro or dishes , but the goal is to bring this technology to the human body , apply it to the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' you can ask .
Well , the answer is , through a device of three heads .
With the first head , which is our laser , we 're going to make an incision on the infection site .
The second head , which is a camera , goes to the site of infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> that distributes the drug , releases it directly into the site of infection , while the laser is used again to keep open cells .
Well , this does n't seem a lot of time .
But one day , if it 's successful , this technology can lead to complete HIV of the body .
Yeah . A cure for HIV .
This is the dream of all the HIV researcher -- in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've studied armed armed groups : armed organizations as terrorists , insurgents or militia .
It card what these groups do when they 're not shooting .
My goal is to understand better to these generators generators and study ways of encouraging the transition from violent participation to nonviolent confrontation .
I do work work , in the world of politics and in the library .
Understanding these groups are key to solving almost every conflict , because the war has changed .
It used to be a dispute between states .
No .
It 's now a conflict between states and non-governmental actors .
For example , of the <unk> peace arrangements between 1975 , and 2011 , <unk> was signed up between a state and an actor .
So we need to understand these groups , we even have to <unk> them in any successful conflict resolution .
But how do you do that ?
We have to know what motivates these organizations .
We know very well the reasons why they fight , how they do it , but nobody analyzes what they do when they fight .
The armed struggle and policies are not related .
It 's all part of the same organization .
We can not understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global vision .
The armed groups of today are complex organizations .
For example , the Lebanese <unk> , known for their violent encounter against Israel .
From its creation in the 1980s , <unk> has also established a political game , a network of social services and a military device .
Similarly , the Palestinian Palestinians , known for their suicide attack against Israel , also runs the Gaza Strip since 2007 .
So these groups make more than just shoot .
They 're multitasking .
It was <unk> a complex process of communication : radio stations , TV stations , online websites and social networks .
And here 's the ISIS magazine , printed in English and published to recruit .
<unk> groups also invest in a complex fundraising fund , but through cost-effective businesses , for example , building companies .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , increase their funds , to recruit better and build their brand .
The armed groups also do something else : they create stronger ties with their population investing in social services .
They build schools , they run hospitals , they 're putting professional training programs .
<unk> offers all these services and more .
Social groups also try to conquer the population to offering something that the state does n't provide , safety and protection .
The rise of the Taliban in an Afghanistan torn by war or even the beginning of the rise of ISIS , it can be understood also the efforts of these groups for delivering security .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has an elevated time for the population .
But in general , providing social services , it means filling a vacuum , an empty gap by the government , and it allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power .
For example , the election victory of 2006 , of the Palestinian Hamas can not understand without recognizing the social work of the group .
It 's a really complex scenario , even in the West , when we analyzed the armed groups , we just think about the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , the strategy or the long-term vision .
These groups are hybrid .
<unk> because they fill left gaps by government , and they emerge as armed groups and politicians , participating in violent struggle and give governance .
And the more complex and sophisticated ones are these organizations , you can less <unk> as a state .
How to call a group like <unk> ?
They spent part of a territory , they run all their functions , they get the trash , they run the sewer system .
Is it a state ? Is it a rebel group ?
Or maybe it 's something else , something new and different .
And what is ISIS ?
The lines are <unk> .
We live in a world of states , of nation without state and hybrids , and the weaker are the states , as in the Middle East today , more come in and fill that gap to non-governmental actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter these groups , they will have to invest more in no military tools .
It takes that government gap has to be at the center of any sustainable approach .
This is very important to establish and raise peace .
If we understand better by armed groups , we will understand better what incentives offer to foster violence to nonviolence .
In this new dispute between state states and non-state actors , military power can make a few battles , but it will not give us peace and stability .
To make these goals , we need long-term investments to fill that gap of security , to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure as a woman and a feminist .
My opinions about gender equality is <unk> , but I 'm afraid to accept the feminist 's label on `` feminist '' would be unfair for feminists .
I 'm a feminist , but pretty bad .
And therefore , I got a bad feminist like a bad feminist .
Or , at least , I wrote an article , and a book called `` The <unk> feminist '' and then in the interviews , people started to call <unk> <unk> .
So what started as a personal joke that was destined to myself and a deliberate provocation , has become something bigger .
Let me step back .
When I was young , especially in my youth and 20 years old , I had strange ideas about feminist , these women <unk> , anger with men and hated sex . Like if that was a bad thing .
Today , I see what women are treated in the world and anger , in particular , seems to be a perfectly reasonable answer .
But at the time , I was worried about the tone that I was using people to the <unk> that might be a feminist .
It 's going to be labeled as a feminist was an accusation , a taboo and disgusting word .
And I was like a woman who does n't follow the rules , which is asking too much , high self-esteem and dare to believe that it 's just like a man .
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman , until it realizes that it 's actually that woman , and can not imagine being another person .
Over time , as I grew up , I started accepting that I am , in fact , feminist , and also proud to be .
For me , certain statements are <unk> : women are equal to men .
They 're doing the same wages for the same work .
We have right to travel around the world like <unk> , free of bullying or violence .
We have right to use it very easy and accessible to contraceptives and reproductive services .
We have the right to decide on our bodies , no need for <unk> controls or doctrines to be <unk> .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When you talk about the needs of women , we need to have our other identities .
We 're not just women .
We are people with a different body , expression of gender , religion and sexuality , a social condition , skills and much more .
We need to have these differences and how they affect us , the same way that matters what we have in common .
Without this kind of inclusion , our feminism is nothing .
For me , these truths are evident , but to be clear : I 'm a disaster .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I 'm driving to work , I hear rap music to all volume .
Even though the letter degrades the women , and it 's deeply offends me , the classic `` Salt <unk> , '' in the yin Ken <unk> is incredible .
`` Do it actually with your wet t-shirt .
<unk> , give it up until you hurt the shell ! ''
Think about it .
This is poetry , right ?
I 'm completely mortified for my musical taste .
I firmly believe in the work of man , which is all I do n't want to do , including -- all the household tasks , but also killing insects , the garbage collection , the <unk> of <unk> and maintenance .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
The rose is my favorite color .
I love the fashion magazines and the beautiful stuff .
I can look at `` The <unk> '' and romantic comedy , and I have absurd fantasies of the fairy tales that they make .
Some of my crimes are more <unk> .
If a woman wants to adopt her husband 's name , it 's his choice , and I 'm not who to judge .
If a woman decides to stay home to raise their children , I accept that choice , too .
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice , the problem is that our society is <unk> so that it makes women become economically vulnerable when they choose .
Let 's a <unk> this problem .
I cofounded conventional feminism that has ignored , or historically , the needs of color women , the workers , gay and transgender women , for white , heterosexual , middle class .
Listen , if that 's a good feminist , I 'm a very bad feminist .
It also happens the following : As a feminist , I feel a lot of pressure .
We have this tendency to put highlighted feminist on a pedestal .
We 're hoping that <unk> perfection .
When we get rid of it , we take it very taste from the same pedestal where we put them .
As I said , I 'm a disaster ; I 've already been imagining me from that pedestal before you try to get there .
Too many women , particularly innovative and the leaders of the sector , are afraid of being tagged as feminist .
They are afraid to stand up and say , `` Yes , I 'm a feminist , '' for fear of what that sticker means , for fear of not being able to fulfill my expectations .
Let 's take an example of <unk> , or like I call it , the Goddess .
In the last few years , it 's a <unk> feminist .
In <unk> Music Music <unk> , at MTV , he acted in front of the word `` feminist '' <unk> .
It was a magnificent show , seeing this pop star embracing feminism and making sure women and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of .
We spent the time , cultural critics started arguments whether it was <unk> or not exactly feminist .
I 'm going to tell her feminism , instead of simply to believe the word of an adult and mature woman .
Because we 're still fighting a lot , because we 're still fighting a lot , we want a lot , we need so hard .
We 're going to go much beyond fair and constructive criticism , to get rid of any woman 's feminism , tear up until nothing left .
We do n't need to do that .
Bad feminism , or more , a more inclusive feminism is the point of departure .
But what happens next ?
We 've got to recognize our flaws to account , will go to action and be a little bit more courageous .
If I hear music degrading , I 'm creating a demand for artists that would be happier to providing an unlimited supply .
These artists are not going to change their way to talk about women in their songs , until they were able to make it affecting their profit .
It 's certainly hard .
Why does it have their music to be so <unk> ?
It 's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice .
But when bad decisions are justify this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality , the equality we all deserve and is our responsibility .
I think of my nieces , three and four years .
It 's two great , amazing , brilliant girls , and also very brave . I want you to grow up in a world .
where you can tell you about strong creatures that are .
I think of them all , all of a sudden , the best choice to be used as something much easier to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the channel when a television program is treated sexual violence against women like sport , <unk> the Game of <unk> .
We can change the radio station when we hear songs that treat women as nothing .
We can spend our money to go to the movies in another part when movies do n't treat women as decorative objects as decorative objects .
We can stop supporting professional sports sports where athletes treat their classmates as boxing .
In any case , men , especially white men , heterosexual can say , `` No , I 'm not going to post in your magazine , to participate in your project , or work with you , until you do n't get a number enough women , so much to participate as to make decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until your publication , or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> , but we 're going to be able to participate in these kinds of projects , we can also invite them to be included until more as we are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision decisions .
Because we are not groupers <unk> anymore , no efforts , without taking these positions , our achievements are going to mean very little .
We can make these little acts of courage and hope that our choices get to the top , the people in the power directors , the people in the power directors , the people who can make great decisions , more courageous , to create a lasting , meaningful change .
We can also say to courage our feminism , good , bad , or any .
The last line of my book `` Bad <unk> , '' says , `` Let 's be a bad feminist not to be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons , but I say , mostly , because I left my voice was stolen and feminism helped me .
There was an incident .
I call it incident to address what happened .
They were a young guys , when I was a young man , and I did n't know that kids can do this to a girl .
I was treated like anything .
I started to believe that it was nothing .
I took my voice , and after all I did n't dare believe that I could say something that might matter .
But -- I was writing .
And I went back to <unk> .
I 'm going to become a stronger version of myself .
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine , and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin .
The words of the women who showed me that was nothing .
I learned to write like them , and then I learned to write like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through writing and feminism , I also discovered that if I was a little bit brave , another woman could hear me and see me and realize that none of us is nothing that the world is trying to tell us that we are .
In one hand , I have the power to achieve anything .
And in the other hand , I claim the humiliating reality that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my way to think , what I say , and what I do , without leaving everything that makes me human .
I hope we could all do the same thing .
I hope we can all be a little bit courageous , when you need to be a little bit of courage .
Just after Christmas year , <unk> children in California had the measles for having visited Disneyland or to be exposed to somebody who had been there .
The virus then went through the border to Canada , infecting more than 100 children in Quebec .
One of the <unk> things from this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a hollow immune system , is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world .
There 's an effective vaccine against this for over a half century , but a lot of the kids involved in the Disneyland was not vaccinated , because their parents were afraid of something supposedly worse : autism .
But a moment , it was n't the article that unleashed about autism and fraternal vaccines , disqualified and marked by being a deliberate fraud by the British Medical Journal ?
Do n't believe the majority of smart scientists that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity ?
I think most of you know that , but millions of parents around the world do n't have to agree that vaccines will pay in danger to their children of having autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the rise of autism increased in time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
The few psychologists and pediatricians who had heard of their own professional life without seeing a single case .
For decades , the prevalence of prevalence kept stable just three or four children per 10,000 .
But then , in the 1990s , the numbers started shooting .
<unk> fundraising organizations like <unk> are referred to by autism as an epidemic , as if I could catch another child at Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If you 're not vaccines , what is it ?
If you ask people at the Center for Disease Control , what 's going on , they tend to be based on phrases like `` diagnostic criteria '' and `` a better detection of cases '' to explain these growing numbers .
But that kind of language does n't dissipate a lot of the fears of a young mother who looks for the face of his two-year-old son , the eye contact .
If the diagnostic criteria had to scale , why were they so close to the beginning ?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to figure out the answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened is less than to do with slow and careful progress of the science that with the <unk> power of storytelling .
For most of the 20th century , doctors told a story about what autism is and how they discovered , but that story turned out to be false , and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global health .
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in dark corners of the clinical literature .
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we need to go .
The first story starts with a child 's psychiatrist , Leo <unk> at Johns Hopkins Hospital , in 1943 , <unk> published an article that describes 11 patients who seemed 20 young patients , <unk> people around them , even their own parents .
They could have fun for hours waving their hands on their faces , but they were prey to panic like when they 're not put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them .
On the base of the patients treated in their clinic , <unk> <unk> that autism is very rare .
For the 1950s , as a major authority of the world in the subject , declared that I had seen less than 150 cases of their syndrome as they pick up references from places as far as South Africa .
This is not really surprising , because the criteria of <unk> for autism diagnosis was very <unk> .
For example , we will give up that diagnosis to children with convulsions , but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism .
Once they became aware that he had turned to nine of 10 children sent into other doctors to her office to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism .
<unk> was a smart man , but part of his theories were n't <unk> .
<unk> autism as a child psychosis caused by cold and cold parents .
These kids , he said , have been very carefully held in a fridge that does n't stop .
At the same time , however , I noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that they 're making in certain areas like music , mathematics and memory .
One of the kids in his clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before the age of two .
When her mother put one of his favorite records , he correctly said , `` Beethoven . ''
But <unk> had a bad opinion of these skills , affirming things like kids were simply calling their parents <unk> , desperate to win their approval .
As a result , autism became a source of embarrassment for families , and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own well , becoming invisible to the world in general .
Amazingly , it was n't until the 1970s that researchers started to test the <unk> theory that autism was weird .
<unk> <unk> , a cognitive psychologist in London , thought the theory of <unk> mothers in <unk> was quite stupid .
She and her husband John were warm and warm , and they had a profound autistic daughter called Susie .
<unk> and John knew how hard he was to raise a girl like black-eyed Susie , without special education , and without access to other resources without a diagnosis .
To defend the National Health Service , they needed more resources for autistic children and their families , <unk> and their colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that 's been done 30 years before .
They launched a study of autism prevalence in the general population .
We were looking at a suburb from London called <unk> to try to find children in the community .
What you saw was clear that the <unk> model was too limited , because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse .
Some kids could n't speak at all , while others were <unk> in their fascination by astrophysics , on dinosaurs or genealogy of <unk> .
Otherwise , these kids did n't fit beautiful and <unk> , as Judith said , and saw a lot of them , much more than the monolithic model of <unk> would have predicted .
At first , they were lost by trying to make sense of their data .
How did no one ever realize these kids before ?
But then <unk> found a reference to a paper that was published in 1944 in 1944 , the year after <unk> , and then I forgot , buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember .
I knew about this article from the competition , but I avoided <unk> mentioned in his own work .
There was no even a translation of English , but luckily , the husband of <unk> speak German , and he translated it for her .
The document provides a alternative story of autism .
His author was a man named Hans Asperger , who ran an integrated clinic with a school in Vienna in Vienna in Vienna .
The ideas of Asperger 's education with learning differences were <unk> even for contemporary standards .
The morning in his clinic started with music classes , and kids were still their games on Sunday afternoon .
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism , Asperger 's described as disabilities <unk> of life that needed to be compassionate forms of support and tuned spaces for the whole life .
Instead of treating the kids in their clinic as patients , he called them their little teachers , and he had to help the development of education that were especially suited for them .
Basically , Asperger 's as a continuum that included an amazing variety of gifts and disability .
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common , and they 've always been , looking at this continuum of this continuum on pop-up archetypes , like the awkward social scientist and the <unk> professor .
He was beyond even saying that for success in science and art , a little bit of autism is essential .
<unk> , and Judith found that he was going to be wrong that the autism was <unk> , as well as the parents were <unk> .
Over the next few years , they worked in silence with the American Association of trial to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they called `` autistic spectrum . ''
By the end of the '80s and early 1990s , their changes came in in place , by replacing the limited model of <unk> by a broad and inclusive model of Asperger .
These changes did n't fell on my broken bag .
So , when <unk> and Judith worked on the back to reform the criteria , people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time .
Before I went out , `` Rain Man '' in 1988 , just a little circle , <unk> by experts knew what was the autism , but after Buckminster Man 's acting , she knew what was the autism , but after `` Rain Man '' with four awards of the Academy , pediatricians , psychologists , teachers and parents all over the world knew what autism was .
At the same time , the first easy medical tests were introduced to use to diagnose autism .
I did n't have to have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son .
The combination of `` Rain Man '' changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect , a perfect storm of the awareness of autism .
The number of diagnoses began to rise , just like they predicted <unk> and Judith , in fact expected to be , making people with autism and their families finally get the support and the services that are deserved .
So Andrew <unk> came to blame vaccines for the rising diagnosis , a very , powerful , powerful story and seductive history as the theory of <unk> that autism was <unk> .
If the current estimate of prevention in the center of prevention in America are in the spectrum , it 's right , the autistic are one of the largest minority groups in the world .
In the last few years , autistic people have joined up on the Internet to reject the idea that they 're all the puzzles to solve for new medical breakthroughs , <unk> the term `` <unk> '' to celebrate varieties of human cognition .
One way to understand how to understand is to think in terms of human operating systems .
The fact that a PC does n't work with Windows , does n't mean it 's broken .
According to autistic standards , the normal human brain is easily <unk> , social mores , and it suffers from a deficit deficit .
No doubt , autistic people have difficulty living in a world not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still reaching Asperger 's , which believed that the cure for the most autism aspects are in the understanding of the teachers , employers , support communities , and parents with faith communities , and parents with their own potential .
An autistic woman named <unk> <unk> once said , `` We need all the hands on deck for <unk> the ship of humanity . ''
As we browse to an uncertain future , we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society .
We can not afford to waste a brain .
Thank you .
